<h1>Hello. I'm  working on my git-flow-web-development project!</h1>

Link for codepen: https://codepen.io/nikolvov/pen/ExjPzxM



    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    “Semantic HTML” refers to the idea that all your HTML markup should convey the underlying meaning of your content—not its appearance.
    2. What is HTML used for?
    HTML is used  to create electronic  documents that  are  displayed on the web. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    <h1> is used for head  title of a page. It should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <!DOCTYPE html>
    7. What is an id? 
    An  id  is  a  selector  that can only be used once in an HTML document.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    You can add an id to any html element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    You can use an id only once per  page. 
    10. What is a class? 
    Class selectors allow us to target one element or many. We can use our classes to differentiate the styles between the heading and navigation items.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    You can add  a class  to all of the  html elements.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as you'd like  to use that same class.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Right 
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    The required alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    In CSS, you have to put a # and then the id name.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
    <section> means that the content inside is grouped (i.e. relates to a single theme), and should appear as an entry in an outline of the page. 
    <div>, on the other hand, does not convey any meaning, aside from any found in its class, lang and title attributes.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to style the HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    In CSS, you would put h2 { } with whatever styling in between the brackets.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    You put a '.' with the class name directly after the '.'
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p{ }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    The parent child secector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    You would put 'div.sidebar { }'
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A CSS pseudo-class is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element(s).
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-tansform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 2px;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * { }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    //*  *//
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    Type pwd and press enter.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    Type ls then enter.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    Use 'rm' You have to be careful because once you remove it, the file is gone forever.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Version control is important for documents that undergo a lot of revision and redrafting.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    As  often as  you make changes to the file.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin firstname-lastname
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
STRETCH
1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? 
2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default 
5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? Stretch Git Tasks