https://codepen.io/chaney07/pen/RwoRMjY
 1. What is Semantic HTML? 

    2. What is HTML used for?
Html is used for structuring a site, 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Attributs go after a tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
The h1 is the most important header on the site, should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
(A) and with the href( link tag) (Img) with the source.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Meta info and stylesheet or boiler plate info.
    7. What is an id? 
Attribute that makes it easer to select something.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
All elements.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
1 time 
    10. What is a class? 
A selector attribute. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Any element can have the class attribute.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
I don't know 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
Add a sour to it.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
So that people that can't see swell know what's going on the page.
    15. How do I reference an id?
# key 
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
I think that section should be the parent of div most of the time.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
To style your html.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
.h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
Class is a general selector that you can add a name to, Id is more specific. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.Classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
If my (P) is inside of the body sections, I can just select the body and make my own changes 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
Use the anchor selector in the div you are wanting to change?

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
A more specific selector. 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
Line-height:1.5
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
Letter-spacing:1px;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
Text-transform:upppercase;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
.div{
Border:dashed;
Border:1px;
Border-color:red;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
Universal selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
Pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
Ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
Rm, it will completely delete the file 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
So that I can collaborate easily with other developer.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
Often 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
Push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 