		


				https://codepen.io/andersea529/pen/KKKXMag

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 

	HTML that has meaning.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
	
	For creating web pages.	

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?

	Basically, it's a CSS selector that has a rule of what we want it to be. example is below.
	background-color: yellow;
	In this case, background-color is an attribute, and yellow is the target value.
 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

	<h1> tag is used for main headings It really should only be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

	image and anchor

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

	title, meta, doctype, etc.

    7. What is an id? 

	an identifier that is mainly used for javascript and 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

	just about anything, main used on section and div selectors

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

	one time only

    10. What is a class? 

	a class is an attribute that groups together sementic html.

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
		
	pretty much anything basically, div section etc.
 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

	as many times as you want

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

	_blank

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 

	accessibility  i.e. screen readers and what not
	
    15. How do I reference an id?

	#nameOfID	

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

	basically the same thing, section tag is better for SEO purposes

    17. What is CSS used for? 

	for styling a website

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

	h2 {

	}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

	You use IDs for things like JavaScript and react with maybe a tiny bit of styling.
	Classes are mainly meant for CSS

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

	.classname

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”?

	p .human { 

	}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

	to select specific elements

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

	div .sidebar a {  }
	
    24. What is a pseudo selector?

	example: a:hover {}

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

	line-height:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

	letter-spacing: 3px;
		
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

	text-transform: captialize;
	text-transform: lowercase;
	text-transform: uppercase;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

	div {
	    border: dotted 1px black;
	}

    29. How do I select everything on the page?

	* { 

	}	
 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

	/* this is a comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

	ls -la

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

	ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?

	rm "file name" You want to be careful when using this because it will permanently delete it and not send it to the recycle bin.	
 
    34. Why should I use version control? 

	to make is easier to roll back to an older version if you corrupt your files, or your codebase gets borked.

    35. How often should I commit to github?

	every 20 to 30 minutes or so.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

	git push "repo name"

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

	1. fork project
	2. add PM / TL as a collaborator
	3. clone repo
	4. create a branch
	5. create a pull request
	6. accept merge request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

	block element is an element that fits inside the entire container, it will be placed beneath it's parent elements if other elements are before it.
	
	inline element is an element that will cover other elements if it is not floated, padded, or (margined, margind ?) or specifically placed.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

	it will go whereever it wants to if not positioned properly	

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

	make it a block element and specify where you want it to be and specify the width

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

	i don't know.
	
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 

	a box that wraps itself around every html element

