  1. What is Semantic HTML? reinforce meaning of the content of the page
    2. What is HTML used for? to create the frame of the page
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? they define the properties of the elements used
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? the most important heading so only once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes   img, style
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? header
    7. What is an id? a unique tag 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? header
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? a class is like id but can be used more then once
    11. What elements can I add a class to? many
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? thers no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? adding the target=”_____”
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? it shows text
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
section tag creates sections and the div creates sepparate divisions
    17. What is CSS used for? to make the html look pretty
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page   h2 class
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
class acn be used more than once the id could be used for the header or important thing
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .p
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?  to select the specified selector 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div class="____"
    24. What is a pseudo selector? to define a specific selector
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform:---
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border:1px black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?  rm -R command, because it deletes everything
    34. Why should I use version control? for backups
    35. How often should I commit to github?oftren 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
add a collaborator, clone it, create a branch,push it and add a reviewer 
Stretch Questions
https://codepen.io/abdiel-mora/pen/bGeMGRz