Hello!

https://codepen.io/solguard/pen/NWWaeXa?editors=1000

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        HTML with pre-determined meaning and not just for presentation.


    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used in making Web documents and establishing their structure and layout.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attributes are put in the starting tag and add more information to the page.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The H1 tag is used for the main title of the page, and generally should be used only once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        The input, select, and textarea tags.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Metadata, or data about data/the document itself.

    7. What is an id? 
        HTML ids are used to specify different elements.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Pretty much all of them. 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Only once.

    10. What is a class? 
        Classes are like ids that can be used by multiple elements.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Again, pretty much all of them.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many as you like.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        By adding target="_blank" to the link HTML.

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        Provides more information about the HTML element.

    15. How do I reference an id?
        By using the id selector: #id

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Sections are semantic HTML while divs are not.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used to design the presentation of the site itself, using colors, fonts, etc.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        By using a global selector.

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class is used for multiple elements on a page (such as all images), while ids are used for specific elements that appear only once per page (such as a header image).

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        By using the class selector: .class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p{}


    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        #parent > #child
        The parent child selector makes it so the immediate children of elements match the first.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a{}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A pseudo selector identifies a specific state of the targeted element (e.g. :hover)

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height:;

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing:;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase;
        text-transform: lowercase;
        text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls -la

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
        rm 
        Be careful because it will erase the file completely, with no going back to restore it.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        In case you make a mistake or want to go back to an earlier version of your code, you can.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Every time you make a significant change, and about every 20 minutes or so.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin filename

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. Fork repository
        2. Add TL as collaborator
        3. Clone the forked repository
        4. Create a branch to work on (with the name of firsname-lastname)
        5. Push new branch to GitHub and keep pushing to that branch
        6. Add TL as reviewer on the Pull Request