https://codepen.io/aidanjjenkins/pen/abmNLWP


1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Using the correct tags for their intended purpose, and requires the seperation of content from style

2. What is HTML used for? 
HTML is used to tell the browser about the content of the tag

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
They provide more information inside opening tags to control their behavior

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
It is used for the header and you can only use it once 

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
The img tag and the a tag

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Title and links to CSS

7. What is an id? 
A unique id for an html element

8. What elements can I add an id to? 
any html element

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
can only use it once

10. What is a class? 
It is an attribute used to specify a css class

11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Any

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
As many times as you need to

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
you use the target attribute with a value of _blank

14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
Provides alternative text for images

15. How do I reference an id?
You use the "#" 

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
The content inside a section is grouped while div doesnt convey any meaning

17. What is CSS used for? 
Syling HTML

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2{

}

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
Id is when you want to target a specific element that appears only once, classes can be used multiple times

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.{

}
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human{

}
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
its a selector for matching all the children of a given parent. It would be useful when trying to style multiple tags within a parent

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div.sidebar > a

24. What is a pseudo selector?
It's a class used to define a special state of an element, like hover

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform: capitalize;
text-transform: uppercase;
text-transform: lowercase;

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border:1px dotted;

29. How do I select everything on the page? 
* {

}
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
// single line comment

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
ls

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls -l

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
rm, no confirmation prompt

34. Why should I use version control? 
So you can maintain a history of changes

35. How often should I commit to github?
Daily or after completing logical chunks of work

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
fork, branch, push, pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    block elements cause a line break while inline elements don't cause a linebreak

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    it sits on its own layer seperate from everything else

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 


    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default


    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    The box model is the design and layout of HTML elements using CSS, every HTML tag has a box