https://codepen.io/agrim32/pen/xxwpQrL?editors=1100





1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 HTML that  gives meaning to our content
 
 2. What is HTML used for? 
 It's used for the structure of our websites - marking up our content
  
  3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
 Attributes define additional characteristics or properties. the are used as opening tags and closing tags

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
  Used as title of a page or it is the first header visible on a page. Should only use one per page.
  
  5. Name two tags that have required attributes
  src and alt
  
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    You put the following tags <title>, <style>, <meta>, <link>, <script>, and <base>.
    
    7. What is an id? 
    an attribute you can only use once

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
      Any element to help manipulate the element with the specific id

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    you can only use once.

    10. What is a class? 
    An attribute you can use multiple times

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
       any element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
     as many as you want 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    copy and paste into a browser

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image. If the image can't be displayed they can read this
    
    15. How do I reference an id?
     #idname
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
     section defines large amounts of content when a div defines more specific 
   
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        helps describing the presentation of Web pages, including colors, layout, and fonts
   
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

      h2{

      }
   
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
     a class is a more broad attribute when and id is more specific.a class would be  cars and an id would ford mustang

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
      .classname

   21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p{

    }
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        In last question human is a parent child and p is a child. Human is more broad. A parent selctor would help whith change the overall font color etc
     
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
      .sidebar{

      }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        selects elements that are in a specific state

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
       line-height:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
      letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
   uppercase:
    lowercase:
   capitalize:
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
     border:1px dotted black;
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{

    }
    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
      /* */
    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
       ls
   
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
      ls
  
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
     rm and it's permanent

    34. Why should I use version control? 
      helps teams solve these kinds of problems, tracking every individual change by each contributor and helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting.
   
    35. How often should I commit to github?
     every 20 mins or when finishing something specific
   
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
      git push
   
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork it, set TL as collabortor, clone by copy and paste link in command line after git clone
   create branch git checkout b "firstname lastname" git add git commit git push
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 


