https://codepen.io/akhilp423/pen/qBjgWXV?editors=1100


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        A semantic element clearly describes its meaning to both the browser and the developer.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        Describes the structure of web pages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        provide additional info about an element, and put in opening tag of html doc
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        Marks up a title, and as many times as needed
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img, form
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        <html>
    7. What is an id? 
        A way to indentify a specific portion of html code
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        a preexisting html element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        once
    10. What is a class? 
        specifies a class name for an html element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        any html element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        as many times as needed
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        _blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        all images, graphical bullets, and graphical horizontal rules
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        section means the content is grouped, while div doesn't
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        styling your web page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        id is used for a single element, class is not
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        selects all the span elements in a parent. Useful when selecting spefiic portions you need
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        #sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        selects elements in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase, lowercase, capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border-style dotted 1px
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm file
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        To keep track of changes
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        every time a major change happens
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push - u
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork the project, clone the project to a local file, use git checkout to create own branch, add any changes you want
        Then: git add., git commit -m, git push
        Then: Go back to github and open the pull request
