https://codepen.io/SquishieDragon/pen/OJRNBap?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? Semanitc Elements tell you exatly what they are (ie: form, table, article)
    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is the bones of a webpage. It is the content and foundation of a project.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?  An Attribute is anything included in the tag (ie: div class="container" the attribute is the "class="container")
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? H1 is a tag that set the priority header tag and sets the font size(although it shoudnt be used to size text) there should only be 1 h1 tag.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: Input and select
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? anything that doesnt need to be seen by the user (ie: title, style, link, etc) Metadate.
    7. What is an id? The id attribute is used to specify a unique id for an HTML element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Only one id name can be used on a page at a time. You can use multipul id's as long as the name is unique per use.
    10. What is a class? The class attribute is often used to point to a class name in a style sheet. It can also be used by a JavaScript to access and manipulate elements with the specific class name.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any Html element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? <a href="url">link text</a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? For screen readers or if the image does not appear. 
    15. How do I reference an id?  #idName
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? The <section> tag creates independent sections within a webpage having logically connected content. And the <div> tag is an empty container specifying a division or a section.
    17. What is CSS used for? Cascading Style Sheets are used to style a page and add some functionality.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page .h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. A class name can be used by multiple HTML elements, while an id name must only be used by one HTML element within the page.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .className
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?  CSS selector that looks for a child with a specific parent.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? sidebar>links
    24. What is a pseudo selector? a class used to define a special state of an element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing: 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform:
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* comment */ or CTRL/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? git rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github? often
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?  git push origin BranchName
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. git add . git commit -m git push origin branchname 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? A block-level element always starts on a new line and takes up the full width available, An inline element does not start on a new line and it only takes up as much width as necessary.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? An element with position: absolute; is positioned relative to the nearest positioned ancestor
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? flex-width
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default  Block: div and h1 and p, Inline: img and a, Inline-Block: button.
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? From the outside in the box model has a Margin, Border, Padding then the Content. 
