<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--

https://codepen.io/apfeif/pen/WNxOyVE

Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    its html that gives meaning to our content
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    to markup website content, allowing for a more organized/readable website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    in the start tag, with quotations
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 should be used once, as it is the most important information on the webpage
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    lang, img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    links to the js/css files
    7. What is an id? 
    a unique variable that identifies a certain piece of content
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    very similar to an id however it can apply to multiple items
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    once?
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add target="_blank" in the tag
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    text to be displayed if the image cannot be shown
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section represents a portion where content is grouped together. a div is more of a universal divider?
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling a webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    an id is unique and would be used for something like a single changing word in a paragraph. a class can be used multiple times. you could have multiple header classes
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .example
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    it allows you to group things together to save on writing extra codepen
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div > sidebar.links?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a selector to specify a special state, like hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{ 
        border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*content*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm   it is gone forever. no recycle bin to recover it
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    allows many developers to work together on one project
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 mins
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin alex-pfeifer
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    -fork
    -check for your Name
    -copy https link from github
    -use either cd to navigate to the proper directory or use mkdir to create one
    -use git clone (link)
    -change directory into the new folder with cd
    -use git checkout -b alex-pfeifer
    -do work
    -git add . will add changes, git commit -m "message" will commit changes with a message
    -git push -u origin alex-pfeifer to push the changes back to github
    -once you see changes you can submit a pull request (MAKE SURE YOU CHANGE BRANCH DROPDOWN TO YOUR NAME)
    -check again to make sure correct repo
    -click create pull request to submit

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 