   
   https://codepen.io/alexld93/pen/xxEwxQY?editors=1000
   
   
   
   
   1. What is Semantic HTML? 
   semantic html is the correct use of html elements to reinforce its content on a webpage.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is Used to structure content on a webpage.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    attribute provide additional info (usually with a link) in html elements and we place them between brackets.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 tag is a heading title used to title a webpage.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img , anchor.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <!DOCTYPE html>

    7. What is an id? 
    an id is attribute used to specify html elements.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    you can add an id tag to any element for specificity.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    only once.

    10. What is a class? 
     A class is a section of html elements grouped together to create a section of a webpage.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    you can add a class to any element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many times as you'd  like.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    anchor/href tag

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    it provides alternative info for an img in case the img cannot be viewed.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    by calling its given name in html or css.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    <section> defines a section of elements in relation to semantics of html. <div> groups blocks of elements together to format them in html.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to style elements in HTML

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    using selectors in css *h2{}*

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    both can be assigned to any element but id's can only be used once while classes can be used multiple times.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    by calling their given names in html and using selectors.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human{}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    parent child selector selects on or all elements inside of the parent class. This is use if we want to style single elements in the parent class.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    <nav>tags
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a selector with a colon preceding it to style specific parts of an element.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    we use line-height properties in CSS.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    we use letter-spacing properties in CSS.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    we  use text-transform properties in CSS.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
   /* div{
  width: 1px;
  height: 1px;
  border-style: dotted;
  border-color: black;}


    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
     You'd  use a universal selector in CSS *{}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
     /*  comments go between here  */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

    whoami command 

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm command , you should be careful with this because once the file is deleted it cannot be recovered.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    version control allows multiple users to work on a project without disrupting eachothers work.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    you can commit at your convenience but typically when major changes are made locally you should commit.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1. Fork file
    2. clone file
    3. branch file/
    4. commit file/ complete assignment
    5. add file back into git
    6. commit file
    7. push file back into git hub
