 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 Is the use of HTMI markup to reinforce the semantics, or meaning, of the informatuon in webpages and web applictions rather te merely to define its presentattion or look.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Structuring and creating web pages that ae displayed on internet.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute either modifies the default functionality of an element type or provides functionality to certain element types unable to function correctly without them.
    HTML attributes are special words used inside the opening tag to control the element's behaviour.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    It is used for the title of a page or post, one.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    The FORM tags ,The header tag.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Metadata 

    7. What is an id? 
    The id selector uses the id attribute of the HTML element, and defined with a "#" class . This allows you to set a particular style for many HTML elements with the smae class.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    You can add to any elemenet but can only have one ID per element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
     you can only use the same id once.
    can be used multiple times in a page, but its value should be unique
    10. What is a class? 
    class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.
   
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
     class attribute can be used on any HTML element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
Classes can be used as many times as needed within a document.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    right click on the link and press open in new tab. or drag the link to a new tab.
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed. The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it (because of slow connection, an error in the src attribute, or if the user uses a screen reader)

    15. How do I reference an id?
     the id selector is reinforce with a "#"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section> means that the content inside is grouped and should appear as a entry in an outline of a page whereas <div> does not convey any meaning, aside from any found in its class,
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is the language for describing the presentation of Web pages, including colors, layout, and fonts.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{
     color:red;   
    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    he difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, and class can be used to identify more than one.
    .class-section
    #firstname
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    To select elements with a specific class, write a period.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human{

    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar{

    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    <br> or in css line hight:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    we use letter-spacing: 2px;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    we use text-transform.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
    border:1px dottter black;  
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * wild selector.

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*  */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    ls-la
    
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    because You can revert back to specific versions of your code.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Depends on your source code system and what else you have in place. If you're using Git, then commit whenever you finish a step
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 