https://codepen.io/amado-guerrero/pen/XWmWOww

1. What is Semantic HTML?
    HTML tags that are desriptive. Like nav and section.
2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used for browsers to understand the structure of a page.
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is a property of an html tag. For example in an a tag the "href" is an attribute.
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    Its used as a header tag and there should only ever be 1 of these on a page.
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    The a (link) tag and the img tag (src).
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Things that usually need to load first, and metadata. If this question meant the header tag, then usually some sort of header but neither of these are techinically required.
7. What is an id?
    Its used to identify an element in CSS. It overrides any other attributes though, so it should be used wisely.
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any element.
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    You should only use any one id once. They should be unique to the element.
10. What is a class?
    Similar to an id, it is used to identify and element in CSS, but these are usually reusable.
11. What elements can I add a class to?
    Any element.
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as necessary.
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Use the target attribute in a link and set it to "_blank"
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    For when the browser can't load the image, for any reason, its used as an alternate text.

15. How do I reference an id?
    In css, you can reference an id in CSS by using # before the id.
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section tag is usually used to divide sections, a div CAN be used to divide sections, but it can also be used for other things as well.
    Also, a div tag is not semantic.
17. What is CSS used for?
    To style the page.
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    By using the tag name, and then curly braces: h2 {...}
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    If you need to use a certain set of CSS properties more than once, use a class. If its unique, use an id.
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    In css, you can reference a class in CSS by using . before the class name.
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human {...}
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    When you need to target only the direct child of a parent, not it's child's descendants.
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar a {...}
24. What is a pseudo selector?
    sometihng like a:hover {...}
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    The line-height property;
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    The letter-spacing: property.
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase;
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    Use the property --> border: dotted black 1px;
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    Use --> * {...}
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* , and end it with */ 
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls -la
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm -rf (because it doesn't ask twice)
34. Why should I use version control? 
    Many reasons, but one of them is to rollback to previous versions, or use the branch features.
35. How often should I commit to github?
    Often, but not on every save. Usually if you've finished a section or feature.
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin (branch)
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork the repo.
    Add TL as collaborator.
    Clone the repo.
    Make personal branch and switch to it.
    Make changes, edit.
    Add/Stage/Commit changes.
    Push personal branch.
    Create a pull request to submit work using the personal fork as base.

Stretch Questions
1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    By default, an inline element does not force a new line if the content has reached its parents width. Block elements do.
2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    You can use absolute positioning to position elements where you want them, but this is usually not a good way to position elements.
3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    I don't 100% understand the question. Modifying the margin and padding can acheive this.
    For example, setting a width 100%, and then setting margin: 0 auto; would center the element within its allowed space (as long as its the only element)
4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    div, section, img are block. text-area and input are inline. and button is inline-block.
5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
    The box model is the way that the browser lays out each element.
    The issue is that the browser adds the padding and border to its width.
    This makes styling a page inconsitent.
    The fix is to use box-sizing:border-box, which includes paddings and borders in an element's width.
    That way, if you set the width, regardless of what any one browser's default settings for padding and borders are, it shouldn't break the layout.