Link for completed Code Pen: https://codepen.io/Aranayk/pen/YzqPyZX

1. What is Semantic HTML?
 Semantic HTML is the use of HTML to reinforce the meaning of the information on the web page.  
    
2. What is HTML used for?
 HTML is used as a standard markup language for documents in a web browser.
 It is used to describe the structure of the web page. It can also have other elements inclding CSS and Java Script.
    
 3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
 Attributes modify or add meaning to an HTML element, they show different properties of the element (width, height of an image).
 We put attributes at the opening tag.
    
 4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
 The H1 tag is used like the main heading of a webpage or document.
 It should be used as the most important heading on the page. The H1 tag is only to be used once per page.
    
 5. Name two tags that have required attributes:
 The <a> tag requires the href attribute.
 The img tag requires the src attribute. 
    
 6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
 The HTML <head> tag represents the head section of the HTML document.
 The <head> element can contain othe HTL tags that contain metadata.
 Metadata provides information about the document such as the title, keywords, descriptions, etc.
    
 7. What is an id?
 An id attribute specifies the unique id for an HTML element.
 It is mostly used to point to a style in a style sheet.
    
 8. What elements can I add an id to?
 The id attribute is a unique id for an HTML element.
 The id value can be used by CSS and JavaScript to perform certain tasks for the element with the specific id value.
    
 9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
 An id has to be unique on a page. So, the same id should only be used once in a document.
    
10. What is a class?
The class is an attribute that specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.
The class name can be used by CSS and JavaScript to perform tasks for elements with that specific class name.
    
11. What elements can I add a class to?
The class attribute can be used on any HTML element.
    
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
The same class can be used as many times as needed within a document.
    
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
add a target="_blank" attribute to your links, ex: anchor tags.
    
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
The required alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the img cannot be displayed.
It provieds alternative info for an img if a user can't view it.
    
15. How do I reference an id?
ID selector is a name that comes before a has tag character. (#) The #ID selector styles the element with the specific id. 
    
16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
The <section> tag defines sections in a document, such as headers, footers, or any other sections of the document.
The <div> tage defines a section in an HTML document. The <div> tag is used to group block elements to format them with CSS>.
    
17. What is CSS used for? 
CSS is used to define styles for your web pages, including the design, layout, and variations in display for different devices and screen sizes. 
    
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page.
The element selector selects HTML elements based on their tag names. 
    ex: <h2> {
        color: red;
    }

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one.
In the CSS, a class selector is a name precedded by a full stop (".") and an ID selector is a name preceeded by a hashtag (#).
The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.
We should use IDs if only one element on the page should have the style applied, and/or you need a unique identifier for that specific element.
For example, you might assign an ID to a <nav> tag which contains your left menu.  The styles for this ID could contain the position, background-color, float properties, size, etc.
You probably wouldn't want any other element on the page to use this particular style. 
We should use classes when your style needst o be applied mltiple times on the same page. 
ex: you may have many <h2> elements that need the same style appied.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
class selector selects elements with a specific class attribute.
To select elements with a specific class, write a period (.) character followed by the name of the class.
You can also specfy that only specific HTML elements should be affected by a class.

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p {
        Key: value;
    }
    
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
The "Parent/child" selector selects all of the elements that are a direct child of the specified element. 
Elements that are not directly a child of the specified parent, are not selected.

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar a {
    Property: value;
}

24. What is a pseudo selector?
A CSS pseudo-class is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected elements.
ex; :hover can be used to change a button's color when the user's pointer hovers over it.

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
When changing the spacing between lines, use the line-height property in CSS.
Browsers by default will create a certain amount of space between lines to ensure that the text is easily readable.
ex: for 12 point type, a browser will place about 1 point of vertical space between lines.

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
The letter-spacing property is used to specify the amount of space between letters.
You can set the letter-spacing property value to increase or decrease the space betwen characters in a text.

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
The CSS text-transform property
uppercase: makes all of the letters in the selected text uppercase or all caps.
lowercase: makes all of the letters in the selected text lowercase
capitalize: capitalizes the first letter of each word in the selected text.

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
first, select the div and set border property value as the following to get the expected result:
border: 1px dotted black;

29. How do I select everything on the page? The * selector selets all elements on the page.
ex: 
* {
    Property: value;
}
    
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
The stuff inside the /* */ marks are CSS comments.
This allows you to enter notes into CSS that will not be interpreted in the code.

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
Always run ls to remind you of where you're currently at in the terminal.

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
Open the command line at the folder of interest. Enter "dir" (without quotes) to list the files and folders housed in the folder.
If you want to list the files in all subfolders as well as the main folder, enter "dir /s" (without quotes).

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
To remove a file from the command line, use the rm command.
You should be careful with the rm commad because it does not asks you for confirmation when deleting files.
You cannot get them back.

34. Why should I use version control? 
Version control helps teams solve these kinds of problems, tracking every individual change by each contributer and helpng to prevent concurrent work from conflicting.

35. How often should I commit to github?
that would depend on your source code system and what you have in place.
If you're using Git, then commit whenever you finish a step.
Best practice is to commit when you finish a whole feature.

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Lambda's Git Flow:
Student will create their own version of the repo by forking
Student will add their TL as a collaborator
Student will then clone the repo
Student will then create a branch (where the student will do their work) using git checkout - 'firstname-lastname' 
Student will submit their PR into the new branch; 
Student will use their own student fork as the base (compare across forks).
Student will add their TL as a reviewer on the PR.
TL will then count the HW as done by merging the HW back into the master "STUDENT FORK"

   --> 