https://codepen.io/amear-ohussein-abdile/pen/OJMJWZV
<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? It's hypertext markup language used to share files and project which begans with tags and ends with tags mostly. 
    2. What is HTML used for? it is used to display webpages on webbrowsers and format the dom of th documents
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? an attribute is delineations of a perticulat element or tag that shows the beggining and end of a tag element. in the middle of the geater and less than symbol
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? it used for headers to show bring attention to text. How many times should I use it on a page? up to 6
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes html and body
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? the document type for the browser < !DOCTYPE html > <html>
    7. What is an id? an id is an selector that like class used to target an element for styling and other functions
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any that but be careful you can only use identical ids just once
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? selector like id but could be used multiple time
    11. What elements can I add a class to?  any that selector is needed
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many as  you need 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? in images alt shows alternative text desc
    15. How do I reference an id? #idname
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div just think div can be section but section can't be div because section of a document while div is a section of block of elements
    17. What is CSS used for? is used to style html even though html can function without it
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page you can h2  {
css code goes here}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
id can be used id="something" and class="something" the difference is that you use in css as # . respectively and also another id of "something" can't be used again
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .p{ code;}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? it useful when you have multiple class selectors that are identical but you want to style sub elements differently
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? you can by .sidebat a{code here;}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? a selecto that is not real selector because it's a builtin event listner such as :hover;
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? etter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border:1px, border-style,color
    29. How do I select everything on the page? body should do body{code;}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? single comment // multiple lines /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd command
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls or dir
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? deleted completely rm -f if directory
    34. Why should I use version control? to reverse you previous commit if you make mistake
    35. How often should I commit to github? when you make changes with the file you're working on
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
1 - fork
2 - tl addition
3. clone repo git clone the address of file
4 - cd into repo and git checout - yourname-lastname branch
5 - git push -u orgin your branch
6 - pull request tl for review

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
inline (width and height will have no effecte) inlineblock(will effect have width and height ) block (will occupy entire line and width)
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? resposive either with page or next element 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? inline-block 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default(li ,sectio, p ,div), 2 elements that are display inline (span ,a img)by default and 1 element that is display inline-block  (container)by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? a box modal is content(inside) padding (serounding content) border of content in respect to seroundings and margin in respect to window. we can either make fix , or relative the relationship of parent to child and siblings
