https://codepen.io/andrejohnson513/pen/oNWyXEO?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
	semantic html are tags with no meaning
    2. What is HTML used for?
	it is used to build web pages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
	an attribute adds functionality to a element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	h1 sets the font weight of text automatedly
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	a tag and the img tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
	all the tags the we don't want the user to see
    7. What is an id?
	it is a unique reference attribute
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
	any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
	is many as you need to but you try for just once
    10. What is a class?
	it is a group reference attribute
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
	all
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
	unlimited
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	use target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
	for when the image cant be displayed
    15. How do I reference an id?
	use the #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	section is just more descriptive
    17. What is CSS used for?
	to style the webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2{
	}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	use id for one thing and class for multiple things
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	use the dot operator
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
	parent{
	child
	}
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	.sidebar a{
	}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	it is this symbol :
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform /capitalize and lowercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div{border:dotted 1px black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
	*
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
	pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
	del filename because it wont ask for confirmation
    34. Why should I use version control?
	so you don't lose any of your work do to mishaps
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	after you test your code
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
	git push -u origin "commint"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.



Create a new repository on GitHub.
Open Git Bash.
Change the current working directory to your local project.
Initialize the local directory as a Git repository.
Add the files in your new local repository.
Commit the files that you've staged in your local repository.
8:29
  7.Push the changes in your local repository to GitHub.
Stretch Questions
    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
Jot something down
Profile