https://codepen.io/5habbaRanks/pen/oNBEZWN?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? HTML that describes its elements in a human and machine readable way
    2. What is HTML used for? To reinforce the meaning of content on a web page
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? A modifier of an html element type.We put it in "" marks after an element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? It is used for your main "title". Typically you would only use it once unless you have another headline that is equally as important.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. img and href
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <header>  </header>
    7. What is an id? a unique identifier
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once 
    10. What is a class? an element selector used to identify an element based on the name assigned
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any html elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? there is no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? by adding the target=”_blank”attribute
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? alternative information in case it cannot be used for some reason
    15. How do I reference an id? # followed by id name
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div. section means that content inside is grouped while div does not convey meaning on its own without class, lang or title
    17. What is CSS used for? styling a web page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. An id is used to identify only one single element while a class can reference multiple. id is used for things like header/footer while class such as <p. can be used for multiple elements
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? "." plus character followed by the name of the class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? it lets you select all elements that are a direct child of another element. When selecting multiple elements within a div
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? <div > class="sidebar">
    24. What is a pseudo selector? a selector that selects elements within a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing property
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? transform-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div:hover{ border: 1px dotted}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* , and end it with */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?  
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls -al
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? del filename. You can't delete things that could ruin your computer or make you have to reinstall the OS
    34. Why should I use version control? to keep track of changes made
    35. How often should I commit to github? whenever you have added a feature worth committing (typically a few times per hour)
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Fork the repo. Clone the repo. Create a branch "first name-last name". Type "git status" in the terminal. Enter "Git add "file name". Git commit -m "add message". Use "git push" and add upstream branch.Then check status and push to make sure everything is up to date.
