
https://codepen.io/anthonyj713/pen/mdyyRZg?editors=1100


Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic HTML gives meaning to a webpage. Such examples include <p> and <h1>
    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is the structure of the webpage.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attributes provide additional information about an element. In HTML, they come after the element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The h1 tag is used as the main title of a page. It should be used once typically.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes A tag requires href or name attribute. Img tag requires src attribute.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? A title tag
    7. What is an id? An ID specifies an HTML element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any element can have an id added to it.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Only once per page.
    10. What is a class? An attribute that can specify one or more names for an HTML element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? They can be added to any element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? Multiple times on a page
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? "_blank" to get a link to open up in a new tab
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? Alt attribute is used to describe an image.
    15. How do I reference an id? In CSS, you use . to reference an id.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? A section is a grouping of content while a div is used more for styling purposes.
    17. What is CSS used for? CSS is used to design a webpage.
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. A class tags multiple elements. For example, the United States, France, and Britain could have the Country Class. An ID would tag a specific element. For example, just using it once to create a tag on cookies.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? We select classes using . in CSS
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? The parent child selector allows you to specify what code effects which parts of your HTML. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? Pseudo selector is used to define a special state of an element. Includes hover and focus.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? Use the line-height property.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? Use the letter-spacing property.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? CAPITALS uses the uppercase property. Lowercase uses lowercase property. Capitalize the first letter uses the capitalize property.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? .div{border: dotted 1px black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? * is the global
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*     */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? Pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? Ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? Rm <file> You have to be careful because it permanently deletes it.
    34. Why should I use version control? To track changes to code.
    35. How often should I commit to github? Whenever you make changes and as often as possible.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin branch-name 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. https://www.notion.so/GitFlow-step-by-step-a764163309754e23b1b9c4077b1653cc Going to follow this until it becomes second nature.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
