https://codepen.io/saehuhbatch/pen/eYzMPRx


1. What is Semantic HTML?
It's specific code that the browser and dev can understand.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Its used to create structure for sections, paragraphs and so many
    other this on web pages and apps.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
     Attibutes are used to provide more info about elements and you use them at the start of a tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used for a website heading and should be only used once.  
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    id and class.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    We put the html tag and body tags.
    7. What is an id?
    id stands for an identifier for a element when linking script or styling.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    it can be added to header, body , title,paragraphs,footer and images.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    only 1
    10. What is a class? 
    A class specifies one or more classname for an elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Everything but its case sensitive.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times you can.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add target="_blank" attribute to your links.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
     It specifies an alternate  text for a iamge if the image can show up.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    id written with a hash character and then followed by id while in CSS its curly braces.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section defines sections in a document, while a div is division in an HTML document.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    It's used for  describing web presentation of web pages ,colors,layouts and text fonts.
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A id is used to specificly identify one element such as a hyperlink while a class is a tag that can be used all over the html page.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    With a period then class name right after it.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        E:lang(c)
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        A parent child selector get all elements that are in a specific child element.
        The time you would use this is in a li elements that are a child of a ul element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
            #sidebar a:link
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A pesudo selector is used to style specific parts of a element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
         line-height: 
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
            Letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        p{text-transform:}
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        <div style="border: dotted 1px black" id="mydiv">content</div> 
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        Using an asterisk because its a universal selector.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    */      */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm and i should be careful with this because I can never get it back.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Version control helps teams solve problems by tacking every single change by each contributor
        to the project and prevent concurrent work from conflicting.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 30-60 minutes as long as its clean and functional.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push command
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork - You will 'Fork' the repository to create your own version. This keeps you from changing the assignment files for the whole class.
    Clone - You will clone the repo to have a copy to work with on your personal computer.
    Branch - Checkout a branch and name it using the firstName-lastName format.
    Complete Assignment - Do all the work on your assignment on your personal computer. Commit your work regularly.
    Push- Push your local changes to your remote repo branch.
     Pull Request - The pull request will be made with your student branch against the Fork you created in the beginning. Submit link to canvas
