Link to finish codepen: https://codepen.io/BritHemming/pen/eYYEoPa?editors=1100

https://codepen.io/aceydoppa/pen/oNWMVdN?editors=1100

  1. What is Semantic HTML? 
  Correct and consice HTML for proper orginization of our webpage

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Its used to mark up the structure of our website

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    attributes contorol elements behavior attribute=class

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
       h1 tag is the largest heading tag, it should be used for the main heading

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
      <a><h1>

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
      <head> or <html>

    7. What is an id? 
       global attribute that is meant to identify

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
       any element
   
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
       Once per page

    10. What is a class? 
     An attribute that specifies one or more class names for elements 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    All elements

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
      As many times as youd like

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
      target="anything" 

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
     Alternate Text for an image

    15. How do I reference an id?
       .id 

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
       div is less specific and does not define a specific section in HTML

    17. What is CSS used for? 
       Stylizing your HTML

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        .h2

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
     class identifies multiple elements while ID identifies one. class="container" id="#container"

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
     "." followed by the name of the class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
      .human p{

      }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
      selects all elements that are direct childs of a specific element 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        Descendant selector

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
       selector that selects elements that are specified, for ex :hover
      

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height 

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
         letter-spacing property

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
         all-uppercase:
         text-transform:capitalize;


    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
          .div{
            border: 1px black;
          }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
      CTRL A

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
     /**/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
     rm -i filename this is dangerous because the saftey net can cause issues

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        smoother and easier to implement 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
       Around every 20 minutes

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push u origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
       block element effects multiple factors within your code while an inline element only effects one

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
