https://codepen.io/aurelio4/pen/mdJebLL

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    Gives meaning to your webpage. helps search engines and screen readers determine the significance and context of your content.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used to create webpages

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    attributes provide additional info about the element

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    the h1 tag is the largest heading tag, it should only be used once, preferably at the top of the page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and link

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    a title

    7. What is an id? 
    id is an attribute used to style a specific element
    
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    any element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    one unique id to an element

    10. What is a class? 
    a class is an attribute that can be added for styling purposes

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    infinite

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    alternative info if the image can't be displayed

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is a group of content, whereas a div doesn't have any meaning to it. 

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling purposes

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {

    }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
     a class can be used on multiple different elements whereas an id can only be used on one element.
     you can use a class to style 2 different elements the same and you can use an id to give a unique style to an element.
     
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    . (period)

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human {

    }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    selecting an element within an element
    ex - div.class h2 {

         }   

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar a {

    }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    an action
    ex - a:hover {
      
         }

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase;
    text-transform: lowercase;
    text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    body {

    }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    start - /*   
    end -   */
    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    remove file - rm
    there's no warning

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    so you can keep track of all your previous changes

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    after every successful build

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork -> add TL as collab -> clone -> cd into repo -> create branch with your first and last name (first-last) -> change branch -> code .

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline - takes up as much width as needed, doesn't force new lines
    block - takes up full width available, forces new line before and after

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    its removed from the document flow and positioned at the top left corner of its parent element.
    if it doesn't have a parent element then it'll position to the top left corner of the html document.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    display: inline-block;

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    block: address, body, div
    inline: map, output
    inline-block: img

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
    the box model is a set of rules that calculates an elements size as you add padding, border, and margins.
    the fix for the box model is: box-sizing: border-box;
