    https://codepen.io/AviWings/full/GRoRgoq
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic HTML is markup language that tells us something.
        Example: section, header and footer all are semantic HTML.
        Example: div is not semantic.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used to mark up the text file.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        We put attributes within the tag. It further defines the tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        An h1 tag is used to indicate the most important heading
        on the page. There should only be one.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes.
        img and a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Title and stylesheet.
    7. What is an id? 
        An id is an indicator that further identifies something.
        Example: section class = "mouse" id = "fieldmouse"
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        All HTML elements.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        You should only use it once. It is the most specific form of id.
    10. What is a class? 
        A class is like an id, but broader.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        All
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        Multiple.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target = "_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        Alt is used to add text for a text reader, or if the image
        does not load properly.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #id 
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Div is not semantic, section is semantic.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used for styling.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        element {

        }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class is broader and an id is specific.
        element - pet
        class - 'dogs'
        id - 'Fido'
        You would use an ID when you want to select only that ONE thing.
        Fido is a green dog.
        #fido{
            color: green;
        }
        Dogs are usually brown.
        .dogs{
            color: brown;
        }
        Pets are always red?

        pets{
            color: red;
        }

        You use a class when you want the range.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        Parent/child is when you want to select specifically the elements
        within a specific section.
        .parent .child element{
            color: yellow;
        }
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar a {
        color: purple;
    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        something used to access the 'state'
        Example: a:hover{
            text-transform: capitalize;
        }
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase;
        text-transform: lowercase;
        text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div{
            border: 1px dotted black;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *{
            background-color: sienna;
        }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*   Comment  */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm filename
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        In case you need to revert a file due to an overall borking.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Every 20 minutes, or whenever a major functional change occurs
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
        git push -u origin branch-name 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork - Add Collaborator - Clone - CheckOut NewBranch - add . - commit -m - Push Changes - Pull for review

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        Inline element like span does not create a new line of text on screen.
        Block elements divide by blocks of things.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        It will be immobile, unlike relative - where the element will
        move with the page during resizing.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        element{
            margin: auto;
            width: 500px;
        }
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 