Today's assignment: https://codepen.io/wecodewetest/pen/KKdKYmV?editors=1100

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    - Semantic HTML gives meaning to the web page rather than just presentation. 

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    - HTML is used for marking up web pages.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    - Attribute adds extra information to HTML tags or elements. We put it inside of the openning tags.
 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    - h1 tag is used for the largest heading of a page. You should just use one time on a page.


    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    - img and a tag have required attributes.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    - We put meta-data

    7. What is an id? 
    - id is unique attribute that can be used just once in a page.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    - We can add id to any element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    - Just 1 time 

    10. What is a class? 
    - Class is an attribute that can be used more than one time as per requirements. it is primarily used for styling.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 




Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    - Inline doesn't occupy whole spaces in the line but block level elements do
    
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
     
     Absolute - the element is positioned absolutely to its first positioned parent. 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    - You can give a height and width to the element. 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    <p>, <li>, <div> and <a> <span> 

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
    - Box model is a CSS styling where content, border, padding and margin are in the paradigm. Every element is under the Box model! 
