url to forked codepen https://codepen.io/day1313/pen/MWKVQjN?editors=1100
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    it is html that gives meaning to our content
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    its used for the structure of our website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes go in opening tag like for images and links
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    it is the biggest header tag and should only be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    images and links
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    the metadata which is the data about the data in the head
    7. What is an id? 
    gives a specific name to one element of your choosing
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any single attribute
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    a name given to any group of attributes
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    any html elements 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many times as it is chosen
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add a target="" attribute
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    provides alternative information for an image mostly used for screen readers
    15. How do I reference an id?
    by using this symbol #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is for headers, footers, chapters and other sections of html. 
    div is used to group block elements to be formatted with css
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    adds color, font size and color and font type and layouts
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    By calling the element name like <h2>{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    class can be applied to many elements. an id can only be applied to one.
    If you wanted to have all your paragraphs<p> one color you would give them a calss name but if you wanted 
    the last paragraph to be a different color you would give it a id so it would just affect that single <p>
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .name{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    it selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    it helps with the styling of the page with multiple child selectors
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    #sidebar {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    is a keyword added to a selector that lets you style a specific part of the selected element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    test-transform: capitalize, lowercase, uppercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
     "
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    */ and end with */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm. there is no warning or way to stop 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    because if it is backed up and there is a crash you can restore to a previous version
    35. How often should I commit to github?
     about every 20 mins
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    fork project
    add tl as collaborator
    clone repo
    make a branch
    push branch to github
    pull request
    add tl as a reviewer on pull request

