Codepen solution link: https://codepen.io/brandon-may/pen/qBmboPg?editors=1100

Regular questions:
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Answer: The use of HTML to reinforce the meaning of the information rather than just its presentation or look

    2. What is HTML used for? 
        Answer: HTML is the support structure the page, lays the framework and sets the content

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Answer: A special word used to control the element's behavior.  It is placed inside the opening tag

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        Answer:  Indicates the heading of a page or section----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        Answer: <link>, <a>

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Answer: Meta data and links

    7. What is an id? 
        Answer:  It specifies one particular element as each id can only be used once per page

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Answer: Any HTML element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Answer: You can only use a id name once per page

    10. What is a class? 
        Answer: An attribute that identifies a specific element

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Answer: Any HTML element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
        Answer: You can use the same class name as many times as you want

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Answer: set the target attribute to '_blank'

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        Answer: It's used to aid google search engine and also acts as a descriptive placeholder in case the image breaks

    15. How do I reference an id?
        Answer: Add a # before the id name

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Answer: They do the same thing, but <section> is more descriptive than <div>

    17. What is CSS used for?
        Answer: Styling our page 

    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        Answer: call the element in css without any special symbols, ie. h2 {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Answer: The only difference is that an id name is unique as it can only be applied to one element per page while a class 
            name can be applied to multiple elements per page. If we wanted to style some <p> tags the same but not all we would
            give the ones we want to style the same class name.  If we wanted one specific <p> tag styled but not the others we could 
            give it an id name.  Also, an id can be used to call a specific element in JavaScript

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        Answer: Add a . before the class name in css

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        Answer: .human {} in css

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
        Answer: Parent > Child is helpful when we want to target the child element(s) of a particular parent element(s)

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        Answer: .sidebar > link {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        Answer: A keyword added to a selector that specifies the particular state of the selected alement in order to apply the styling within.  ie. :hover

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        Answer: We use line-height: ; 

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        Answer: letter-spacing: ;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        Answer: text-transform: uppercase | lowercase | capitalize ;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        Answer: border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        Answer: html {}.  Also, * {} is suppose to do the same thing but it's better to go with html {}.  Less buggy

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        Answer: /* comment-here */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        Answer: You can use the pwd command which will print your current working directory

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        Answer: By using the ls command

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
        Answer: git rm [fileName] will remove the specified file from the cloned repo and also delete the file permenently from the filesystem with no "are you sure"

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Answer: It's used to keep track of all changes made to a project while keeping all team mebers up to date on the latest version of the project

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Answer: Whenever you finish a step

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        Answer: git push -u origin master

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Answer: Fork the repo you're gonna be working on, clone it to local machine, create a branch, work on project, add, commit, push to branch.  Then create a pull request.*


Stretch questions:
    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        Answer:  By default an inline element takes up only the amount of space needed for the content while a 
                block element takes up the entire width of the viewport screen.
                
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
        Answer: That element is positioned relative to the nearest positioned parent element.  If no positioned parent, the absolute element uses the document body and moves with page scrolling

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        Answer: display: inline;

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        Answer: display: block:
                    1. <p>
                    2. <h1>
                    3. <div>

                display: inline:
                    1. <nav>
                    2. <span>

                display: inline-block:
                    1. <button>

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
        Answer: The box model is like a square collage, with the main poster board being like the document container and everything inside being seperate elements, with their own padding, width and borders.
                The box model places all elements inside of boxes whose width and height can be manipulated using the css width and height properties.