https://codepen.io/Bmmaroni/pen/pojoYyG

  1. What is Semantic HTML? Markup that gives meaning
    2. What is HTML used for? Structure
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Gives additional information about an html element. Should be put in with an element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? To point to your most important title on the page. It should only be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: a, img 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? document title, script, styles, metadata 
    7. What is an id? A very specific attribute that should only be used once to identify one tag 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? all elements can use it but that specific id can only be used one one element at a time
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once
    10. What is a class? an attribute that is less specific than an id and used to mark elements to be able to select them in css and js
    11. What elements can I add a class to? all elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many as desired 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? you must add "target=_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? specifies an alternate text for an image that can't be displayed
    15. How do I reference an id? '#id'
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? sections group content with a single theme and div groups with no special meaning
    17. What is CSS used for? is used to give styling to html appearance
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page "h2{
*styling here*
}"
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. You might use a class if you want more than one element to share grouping for similiar styling. An id would be used if you wanted to just make changes to one specific element.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?" .class {
*styling here*
}"
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”? p.human{
*styling here*
}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? A parent child selector is a way to select a specific element or tag inside of a grouping that is nested under another element or tag.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? "div.sidebar:link{
*styling here*
}"
    24. What is a pseudo selector? pseudo selectors help you select elements in a specific state such as hover.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? "line-height: num;"
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? "letter-spacing: numpx;"
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? "text-transform: uppercase;" "text-transform: capitalize;" "text-transform: lowercase;"
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? " div{
border: 1px dotted black;
}"
    29. How do I select everything on the page? "*{
*styling here*
}"
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm; because it is deleted permanently
    34. Why should I use version control? keep everyone working on the same version and so you can track all changes
    35. How often should I commit to github? as much as you feel you need to but always whenever you are done for a session or are getting up from your computer for a longer amount of time
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin "firstname-lastname"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
      a) create your own version by forking
      b) Add your TLs as collaborators
      c) clone your repo onto your local
      d) Checkout a branch
      e) Push changes to your branch to GitHub
      f) Add TLs as reviewers on pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? an inline element doesn't cause a line break and does not take up the width of the whole page. A block element always starts a new line takes up full width of the page; always has a line break before and after and can be one or multiple lines.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? Enables you to position element precisely on the point you want.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? "overflow: hidden;"
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default: display block: div, header, section
                         display inline: span, input
                         display inline-blockk: button
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? The box model refers to the box that exists around html elements. It consists of 4 parts. Starting from the inside out we have content, padding, border and margin. The "fix" for the box model is to use "box-sizing:border-box" which includes the border and padding into the element's width.