CodePen Assignment : https://codepen.io/aviasnelan/pen/rNeXrRJ?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML is used to describe the parts of a webpage in a manner that makes logical sense. It helps with search engine optimization as well. Makes a page more readable to
    machines and humans alike.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is a markup language used to display information in a website.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes are things that modify HTML elements. They are put after the tag and before the closing bracket.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 is used as the main header sizing. It is used to describe the purpose of the content on a page. Only one is used per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Images and Links.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Title, links to external stylesheets, meta data. 
    7. What is an id? 
    It is an attribute that can be assigned to an element to differentiate it from others of the same element. Can be used for styling or targetting scripts from JS.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Most elements can accept an ID.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
     Once per page.
    10. What is a class? 
    Similar to an ID, but can be placed on multiple elements per page. Generally IDs would be used for javascript and classes used for CSS.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Most elements can accept a class. (p/h1/body/footer/etc).
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as needed.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
     use the target='_blank' attribute in the anchor tag.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    if the image fails to load it can be used to desribe what the image would have looked like.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    you can reference and ID by using a # followed by the ID name. example (#myID)
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section tag is semantic and used for grouping content based on context. A div tag is mainly used for styling groups of content.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Cascading Style Sheets are used to change the look of a webpage. Color, text, size and other things can be manipulated with it.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
     We use the h2 {}.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    You could use an id for creating a link to a spot on the same page (jump to bottom). You could used a class to style the color of the bottom of the page differently than the rest.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    We use the .className syntax.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A child is under a parent of it is contained within the opening and closing tags. Example all tags are children of the <html> tags. 
    It is useful because you could use it to target a paragraph tag inside a footer without chaning the p tags inside the body.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .div a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    CSS selectors with a colon preceding them.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    * {} 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* Comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm (be careful because it doesn't ask permission) 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    To be able to roll back to a previously working state if you somehow break your code.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    very often as progress is made
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push origin -u fname-lname
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
     fork, clone, checkout, code, add, commit, push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    block elements take the full width, inline elements only take what they need to display the content
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    It difines a specific location of the selected content.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
      
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
 
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?



   --> 