https://codepen.io/Nunez27/pen/RwoqGpw?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    Semantic HTML is code that is simply to understand when marking up the website. For example, header means the head of the website, Footer means the bottom of the website etc.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
     To mark up the bones of the website you are building.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute works like name/value pairs. It can assign values to an element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 tag is used to indicate the name of the company or the name of the organization that the website is demonstrating. It should only be used once in the page. For example, you wouldn't have two titles in a book on the front cover
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    a tag as well as a src tag for images
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Things that run inside of the website that doesn't show up. For example, the viewport as well as the name of the website when it pops on a new tab.
    7. What is an id? 
    id is used in your HTML to name a certain part in the web page that you will use when styling in CSS.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    div, sections, img, 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    only once
    10. What is a class? 
    class is like an id, it can be given a name in HTML to be used in CSS to style that certain part of the website.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    div sections, img
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    To describe the image in text
    15. How do I reference an id?
    # in css
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Sections are big chunks in a website as a block element, and div are smaller block elements used to hold things together in a group within a section
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to make the website "pretty"
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {} and a class is with a . and id is with a #
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Class can be used to style multiple things that are the alike at the same time. and id would be used to style one thing at a time.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    With a .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
     Selects all elements that are a direct child of the element on top (aka the parent element)
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    It is an atribute to CSS that gives cool affects to a website. For Example when hovering over a link it can print a different color etc.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    Line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    CMD + a
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rmdir once you remove it can never be recovered
    34. Why should I use version control?
    is important when documents are being created, and for any records that undergo a lot of revision and redrafting.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork repo, open terminal, clone it into a folder, cd into the repo, open it in VScode with code . Then make some changes. Then git add .
    git commit -m "message explaining what you added". Git push -u origin branch-name. only do this once then after all you need to do is git push.
