https://codepen.io/briabyte/pen/pojVKYK?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
syntax that defines for the browser the purpose of the content

    2. What is HTML used for? 
Structure of the website

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
The content of the HTML and it goes inside the greater than less than symbols (<>)

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
Main Header, once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
Anchor and Image

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
<HTML>

    7. What is an id? 
A tag that is more specific than class but less than important

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Any

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Many but recommended just once

    10. What is a class? 
Specificity of weight in CSS on a HTML tag

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Any

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
Many

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
Anchor tag with a href attribute to the new page

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
Accessability

    15. How do I reference an id?
Type id in CSS

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
sections in a document like chapters, headers, footers and a div tag defines a division in an HTML document.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
Add sytle to HTML

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
type h2 { } in CSS

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
Class can be used many times and is less specific than id which should only be used once. Class would be used to style everything within its borders and ID would be used to sytle one thing inside that class tag, overriding it.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
With a period following class name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
Selector that follows HTML elements by cascading factor. When you have many elements but want to style them differently.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
Used to define a special state of an element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing property
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform property
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div {
    border: 1px dotted #000000;
}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
universal selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
command+?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
cd ..
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls / ls -la
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm. because there will not be a error prevention message
    34. Why should I use version control? 
To save all changes to look back on
    35. How often should I commit to github?
When I am finished with a portion or I want to save
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
create OWN version of Repo (Fork)
add TL as a collaborator
Clone Repo
create a branch
submit their PR into the new branch
TL then will count the HW as done by merging the HW back into master “STUDENT FORK”.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
