https://codepen.io/brittany-canty/pen/ZEbGzKv

 1. What is Semantic HTML?  markup language for creating a webpage. Webpages are usually viewed in a web browser. 
    2. What is HTML used for? used to create electronic documents (called pages) that are displayed on the World Wide Web.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attributes define additional characteristics or properties of the element such as width and height of an image. Attributes are always specified in the start tag 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?usually used for the title of a page or post and it is the first header visible on a page. so just once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes href, title, class,
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <header>
    7. What is an id? ID can be used to identify one element,
    8. What elements can I add an id to? headers
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? can be used to identify more than one e;
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? once
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? just add a target="_blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed. The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view i
    15. How do I reference an id?write a hash (#) character, followed by the id of the element
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div The section tag defines sections in a document like chapters, headers, footers whereas div tag defines a division in an HTML document.
    17. What is CSS used for?  to style
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page: h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one  <div id="footer">. <div class="sidebar-box">.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?To select elements with a specific class, write a period (.) character, followed by the name of the class.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?:link {
  css declarations;
} 
    24. What is a pseudo selector?A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer
    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? add colon:
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? <div style="border: dotted 1px black" id="mydiv">content</div> 
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?//*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?  enter
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? users
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm or del <file name>
    34. Why should I use version control? Version control is important for all code, files, and assets that multiple team members will collaborate on
    35. How often should I commit to github?, you can commit as often as you like
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
go into git hub
fork ,add tl,clone then go ito bash and clone branch,add/commit then push and submit  