https://codepen.io/BrittanyNHilliard/pen/yLaRjXJ?editors=1100
    
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic html is more detailed and describes exactly what is contained in the section so the browser can read the code more easily. 
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Html is the standard markup language for web browsers

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    an attribute changes the look or behavior of an element, they belong inside the tag

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 is generally for the name/heading on the website. Generally only used once, is the largest font height of the h tags

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    a and img

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    Website name/title, maybe nav

    7. What is an id? 
    an id is a way to identify a certain specific element that you want to edit the same way in CSS (not sure if i explained that right but i know what they are)
    
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
     headers, footers, nav bars, different sections.. anything really

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once

    10. What is a class? 
    a class is a way to identify several elements that you want to style the same way with css. different because it can be used on multiple elements. 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
   I'm pretty sure you can class anything

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many as need be

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target='_blank'

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    it's an accessibility feature that describes what the image is in plain text and for tty users

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a div doesn't have a specific meaning but a section divides specific sections of the page

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to style html and allow for funtions such as hovering and animations

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

    h2 {

    }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    classes can be used for multiple different elements, but id's can only be used once. you would use a class when you 
    want to change all of the paragraph text to a certain color. you would use an id when you only want to target
    a specific element only once. 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p {

    }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    They help you locate and select all elements with the same parent/child tags

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a {

    }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    it's a word that isn't an attribute but still changes the behavior of the element

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height in css

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing in css

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: lowercase/capitalize/uppercase ;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

    div {
        border-radius: 1px;
        color: black;
        border-style: dotted;
    }
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {

    }
    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    */ /*

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm 
     be careful because there is no prompt to confirm the deletion
    
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Because it saves logs of your progress, so if some code breaks your site, you can revert to a previous version
    
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Any time you make a few changes you dont want to lose.  speaking of...

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin your.repo
    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork, clone the repo, create your own branch, do your assignment as instructed, in terminal you add, commit, and push
    your repo. make sure your pm is a collaborator. do pull request and have them set as a reviewer. make sure your
    repo is there and not the one you got from lambda. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
inline elements will follow eachother in a line , whereas block elements will always make a new 
line after itself

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    It will not move relative to other elements moving around because of top/bottom and sides are in a fixed location

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    I'm not quite sure what's being asked here but i'm guessing the width property?

    4. Name 3 elements that are displayed block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
  
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    It's a way to get boxes around all of the elements on the page so you can get a better idea of the layout of the site. I haven't gotten to fully watch all the flexbox videos yet