
1. What is Semantic HTML?
Its the html that describes itself to both a web browser and to the developer at once. Most HTML is semantic except HTML that doesnt' show up on a browser and spacing tags. 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
HTML is used to frame and support the bones of a web page, giving details on placement of text elements and what to render first and last. 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
attribute and img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
<!doc type=html>
    7. What is an id? 
a unique identifier of one html element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
any singular HTML element and only one. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
once
    10. What is a class? 
an attribute that gives specifics for one or more html elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
any HTML element 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
Any number
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
alternate text for screenreaders 
    15. How do I reference an id?
# in CSS
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
section divides document, div divides sections in HTML. 

    17. What is CSS used for? 
Styling HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
*h2
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
Use a class when you want a consistent repeating effect, like a header that needs to be a different color. id is a singular instance of an element as it can only be used once!
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.class you want to reference
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? 
with p

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
when you want to select only the child. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
*
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
a double colon
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line space
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
.div {border 1px dotted color:black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
* wildcard 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
dir 
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
rm. Because there is no recycling bin or revert!
    34. Why should I use version control? 
Because people need to know what changed between versions, especially in the context of collaboration. 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
Whenever you pull request ideally!
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
push origin 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Fork--clone--branch--add--push--add pull request 
​
Stretch Questions
​
    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
​
​
​
   --> 



Project link: https://codepen.io/Brown416/pen/XWdwMeW





