https://codepen.io/Airestereo/pen/jOPrPPL

<!-- reveiw questions to Submit in today's file firt-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    Semantic HTML elements clearly describe it's meaning in a human and machine readable way. Elements such as <header> , <footer> and <article> are all considered semantic because they accurately describe the purpose of the element and the type of content that is inside them. 
    
    2. What is HTML used for?
    HTML, the Hypertext Markup Language, is a standard for describing the structure and presentation of information via the Internet. Web developers use HTML keywords or tags to instruct the Web browser application how to format and display the content of Web pages.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    Attributes define additional characteristics or properties of the element such as width and height of an image. Attributes are always specified in the start tag (or opening tag) and usually consists of name/value pairs like name="value" . Attribute values should always be enclosed in quotation marks.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    Use only one H1 tag per page
    Best SEO practices indicate that there should be only ONE h1 tag per page. This is because it makes more sense and this is what you should aim for. In cases though that you end up having multiple h1 tags in a page, this is not the end of the world.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    The FORM tags must surround all elements of a form. The opening <FORM> tag has two attributes method and action. The header tags: H1, H2,H3,H4,H5,H6, make the text between their opening and closing tags bold and large.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    The <head> element is a container for metadata (data about data) and is placed between the <html> tag and the <body> tag. HTML metadata is data about the HTML document. ... Metadata typically define the document title, character set, styles, scripts, and other meta information.

    7. What is an id?
    The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element (the value must be unique within the HTML document). The id attribute is most used to point to a style in a style sheet, and by JavaScript (via the HTML DOM) to manipulate the element with the specific id.

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    An HTML element can only have one unique id that belongs to that single ... To make a bookmark, you must first create the bookmark, and then add a link to it.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    If the selector matches an ID in document that is used several times (Note that an "id" should be unique within a page and should not be used more than once), it returns the first matching element.

    10. What is a class?
    The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element. The class attribute can be used on any HTML element. The class name can be used by CSS and JavaScript to perform certain tasks for elements with the specified class name.

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    The HTML class attribute is used to define equal styles for elements with the same class name. So, all HTML elements with the same class attribute will get the same style.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    There is no technical limit (barring the amount of memory the browser may be consuming), but one should heavily consider having loads of classes on any element as the browser will have to parse all the classes, apply those styles and render the page.
     
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Generally, you can hold down the control button – or the command key on a Mac computer – to open a link in a new tab. You can also click on a link and hold down the mouse without releasing, dragging the link to the browser's tab bar to open it in a new tab.

    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
    The required alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed. The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it (because of slow connection, an error in the src attribute, or if the user uses a screen reader).

    15. How do I reference an id?
    In the CSS, a class selector is a name preceded by a full stop (“.”) and an ID selector is a name preceded by a hash character (“#”). The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div:
    Difference between section and div in HTML. The section tag defines sections in a document like chapters, headers, footers whereas div tag defines a division in an HTML document. ... For <div>, this should be used only when no other semantic element like <article> or <nav> is appropriate.

    17. What is CSS used for?
    CSS is the language for describing the presentation of Web pages, including colors, layout, and fonts. It allows one to adapt the presentation to different types of devices, such as large screens, small screens, or printers. CSS is independent of HTML and can be used with any XML-based markup language.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page:
    As you just learned, we use CSS rules to select elements on a web page so that we can ... For example, you can select all of the <p> tags in your webpage by using the ... Which of these rules would select all of the <h2> elements on a page?
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one:
    The class selector uses the HTML class attribute, and is defined with a "." id is used when we have to apply CSS property to one attribute only. class is used when we have to use CSS property in many locations within the same page or different.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    class selector selects elements with a specific class attribute. To select elements with a specific class, write a period (.) character, followed by the name of the class. You can also specify that only specific HTML elements should be affected by a class.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    a p .human{

    }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    The Child Selector. In the second of five articles on the new selectors found in CSS2, we turn to the child selector. This is used to match elements that are direct children of other elements, which is a little more precise than the traditional contextual selector.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    Descendant selectors is one of the few selector types that actually works across browsers, so you can rely on them. It should be noted that you should have as few selectors as possible to achieve your targetting, as this will be a performance boost. Also, try not to specify the element type if you can avoid it (this is contradictory to the advice for JavaScript selectors), since it will tie your css to how the html looks now. A developer can decide to change a <span class="highlight"> to an <em class="highlight"> later, which would break a span.highlight-selector, while a .highlight-selector would continue to work.

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo-class is a selector that assists in the selection of something that cannot be expressed by a simple selector, for example. :hover. A pseudo-element, however, allows us to create items that do not normally exist in the document tree.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    In Word, line spacing is most commonly measured in multiples of whatever font size the paragraph is using. For example, say you’re using a 12 point font for the text in your paragraph. If you choose single line spacing, the space between lines will be 12 points. If you choose double spacing, that space between lines will be 24 points. However, if you want to fine tune things, you can also specify an exact point size to use.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    Expand or condense the space evenly between all the selected characters
Select the text that you want to change.
On the Home tab, click the Font Dialog Box Launcher, and then click the Advanced tab. ...
In the Spacing box, click Expanded or Condensed, and then specify how much space you want in the By box.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    Highlight all the text you want to change. Hold down the Shift key and press F3. When you hold Shift and press F3, the text toggles from proper case (first-letter uppercase and the rest lowercased), to all uppercase (all capital letters), and then all lowercase.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    This element has a black border and a green outline with a width of 10px. Try it Yourself ». CSS Outline. An outline is a line that is drawn around elements, OUTSIDE the borders, to make the element "stand out". ... dotted - Defines a dotted outline; dashed - Defines a dashed outline; solid - Defines ... border: 1px solid black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    On any screen, window, or page on your computer, you can select every selectable item by pressing a couple of keys at the same time: Click the window or page that you want to select. Press Ctrl and A at the same time.

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    CSS uses the same "block comment" syntax as the C-like languages - you start a comment with /* , and end it with */ . However, CSS is missing the "line comment" syntax that those languages have, where everything from // to the end of the line is commented out.

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
   It's a little technical, but when you really, really need to find a file, the method described in the following steps does the job:
From the Start menu, choose All Programs→Accessories→Command Prompt.
Type CD and press Enter. ...
Type DIR and a space.
Type the name of the file you're looking for.

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    Once you're in a directory, use the dir command to view the files and folders within. Type dir to get a list of everything in your current directory (displayed at the start of the command prompt). Alternatively, use dir "Folder Name" to list the contents of a named sub-directory.

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    Use command line commands with caution, especially when removing or moving files. Be especially careful when using them as an administrator or as the root user. Be especially careful when working with system files or files not in your user home directory.

    34. Why should I use version control?
    Version control helps teams solve these kinds of problems, tracking every individual change by each contributor and helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting. Changes made in one part of the software can be incompatible with those made by another developer working at the same time.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Depends on your source code system and what else you have in place. If you're using Git, then commit whenever you finish a step. I use SVN and I like to commit when I finish a whole feature, so, every one to five hours.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    The second command, GitHub recommends we run is a new command, git push. the git push command pushes changes from your local repo into a remote repo. git push shares changes you've made with others. it's generally not used with clone repos that people work in.

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow:

    The Lambda School Git Flow
Create YOUR OWN version of Repo ---> (Fork)

Add your TL as collaborator

on GitHub:
Settings -> Collaborators -> Add Collaborator (use your TL's handle)
(I'd suggest grabbing the invite tag and DM it to your TL on Slack at this point)

Clone YOUR Repo

back on your machine:
git clone <your-repo-address>

Create a branch (the one you are going to be working on)

cd <repo directory>
git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'

Push your new branch up to GitHub and make all future pushes to that branch

git push -u origin firstname-lastname

on GitHub:
Compare & Pull Request -> Base: YOUR MASTER (Not the Lambda Master)
compare fork: YOUR FORK

Add your TL as a reviewer on the Pull Request

On the 'Open a Pull Request' page click on Reviewers. If your TL has accepted your invite, then you should be able to select them here. If not, then they haven't accepted the invite, and come back later...

Your TL will merge the work into YOUR Master fork when they have reviewed and approved it.
 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    You can't put block elements inside inline elements. Formatting. By default, inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow. Block elements, on the other hand, typically cause a line break to occur (although, as usual, this can be changed using CSS).

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    An absolutely positioned element is an element whose computed position value is absolute or fixed . The top , right , bottom , and left properties specify offsets from the edges of the element's containing block. (The containing block is the ancestor relative to which the element is positioned.)

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
    All HTML block-level elements have five spacing properties: height, width, ... Together, they form the box that the element takes up. ... If margin, border and padding widths were all set at 0 width, the box would be right around the element.

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by   default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default:

    The display property is one of the most commonly used features of CSS development. Our web page treats every HTML element as a box, and with the display property, we determine how these boxes will be shown, or whether to show or hide them.

    display: none vs. visibility: hidden
    display: block
    display: inline
    display: inline-block

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
    The CSS Box Model All HTML elements can be considered as boxes. In CSS, the term "box model" is used when talking about design and layout. The CSS box model is essentially a box that wraps around every HTML element. It consists of: margins, borders, padding, and the actual content.




   --> 