 1. What is Semantic HTML? It clearly describes what will be inside the element for other developers to understand.
    2. What is HTML used for? A hypertext markup language, used for making websites.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? It defines additional attributes to properties of an element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The heading usually or like a title, it should be at the top usually centered and have the biggest text size.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. Anchor tags and image tags.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Information about the program and links. Helps the processor to understand what its reading.
    7. What is an id? Like a class, used to specify a certain property to later single out in CSS to change it.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Mostly everything I beleive.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Only once
    10. What is a class? A class is just like an id but can be used over and over.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any element can be put with a class to give specification.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As many times as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? With an anchor tag and a href, and a target.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? Helps the computer and other programmers know what the picture is of, or blind people.
    15. How do I reference an id? Using a hash.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div. one defines a section in a document, div defines a division section in a doc.
    17. What is CSS used for? Cascading style sheets is what is stands for and it basically is to style the html.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. I would use a class when I am going through trying to single out elements to style them, but if I need something very specific done to something and can only be used once, I will use an ID, ID's also have special browser functions when classes are souls for styling.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? With a period in front of the name of the class.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? P.human will locate it.
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? If you are wanting to select all of the elements that are a direct child to the parent element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? Div.sidebar:link
    24. What is a pseudo selector? Is a selector when it is in a specific state, like hover when the mouse is over an element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? Line-height property would help us with the spacing.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? Using letter-spacing.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? Using text-transform: capitalize or lowercase.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? Div{ border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? Use the * element to target it all.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* this is a comment *\
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? Pwd will tell me for instance how im in my user file.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? I would use ls to see what files or folders are in the current directory.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? Use the rm function or rmdir to remove a folder. You have to be careful cause it doesn't come up with any prompts to make sure that is what you want to do!
    34. Why should I use version control? Helps teams to solve problems, helps prevent concurrent work from conflicting.
    35. How often should I commit to github? Quite a bit, but once every half an hour or so.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? Git push, after git add and git commit. 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	-first you fork it to make it your own
	-then you clone it to pull it to your local repository
	-use git checkout to rename the branch
	-git add
	-git commit	
	-git push



https://codepen.io/carsonstagg/pen/YzGyKvQ