https://codepen.io/cmfischer/pen/wvoQdej -- CodePen Link for Section 2

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
HTML that introduces meaning
    2. What is HTML used for?
 HTML is used to structure a webpage. If we were a website HTML is our bones!
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
 An attribute goes just after the opening tag "<" and dictates what the code "element" is referencing/adjusting 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
An H1 tag is used for a Header (the largest and most important on the page). It should only be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
URL and Email
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
<header>
    7. What is an id?
 An ID specifies a specific element in the page. It should be unique and only used once, and will be invisible unless used for CSS
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Once
    10. What is a class?
 A div class is used to define multiple elements in a page used for css editing
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
 Any
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
You need to set the target attribute in an anchor tag to target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
Provides alternative information for an image if it cannot be viewed
    15. How do I reference an id?
#(id name)
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
A section is used to separate sections in a document, div is used to define a division or a section in a document
    17. What is CSS used for?
 CSS is used to style a webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
.h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
An ID should only be used once (EX. div id="top" to reference only to the top of the webpage) where as a class can be used multiple times (EX. div class="description" such as for something with multiple descriptive paragraphs under definitions)
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
With a period (example: .description{})
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.p human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
Where you can link multiple elements to the same "parent" element for styling, such as connecting multiple paragraphs to a single ID. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar-div {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
Used for targeting elements in a certain state such as hover or first. Begins with a :
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
Line Height. Example: .section{
line-height: 1.5;
}
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
Letter Spacing. (example: .article{
letter-spacing: 5px;
})
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? 
Text Transformation (example: .article{
text-transform: capitalize;
})
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
.body{
border: 1px dotted black;
}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
With an asterisk
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
By surrounding it with the following symbols: */ /*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
Command is pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
Command is ls (can also do la -a or ls -la)
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
Command is rm, you have to be careful because it will not ask if you are sure before deleting everything
    34. Why should I use version control? 
So multiple people can interact with content without interference, as well as the ability to go back to a previous working version
    35. How often should I commit to github?
Any time something gets fixed, or something important as added, otherwise a few times per hour depending on number of changes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push- u origin chase-fischer
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
 1. Create your own version of a repo by 'forking' it.
2. Make sure your name is shows in the project name
3. Clone your repo with the "download" button. Copy the link with either the clipboard or your systems copy paste shortcut
4.In the command line enter "cd (your directory name)" and enter to go to your directory
5. Enter the command "git clone (paste your link)" and hit enter.
6. Use the command cd (link name from repo) to switch directories
7. Create your own branch with the command git checkout -b (firstname-lastname) for the branch you'll do your work on
8. Complete assignment
9. Commit changes with git add . / git commit -m "Your comment on what you changed"
10. Push changes with git push -u (your branch name)
11. Submit a pull request