link to finished codepen https://codepen.io/cheyenneb96/pen/vYZGOpB?editors=1100
1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for?  a markup language used to display data
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? attributes define characteristics of html put it in the elements opening tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? h1 is used for the most important line of the page only use once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes A, font
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? links to css or page title
    7. What is an id? a specific name for an html element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? every element in page
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? can only be used once
    10. What is a class?  related objest that share common characteristics
    11. What elements can I add a class to? styling elements to apply to all sections
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many as needed
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? a href _blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? screen friendly alternative
    15. How do I reference an id? # name
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div section is used to group conten and should appear as an entry div doesnt contain any meaning 
    17. What is CSS used for? used to style the page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one id is more spicific class you could group all paragraphs together to have same font then use the id for one section to change the color
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? match all elements fo a spicific element. when you want to give all element s the same characteristics
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div class= sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of an element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text transform property
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? <div style= "border: 1px dotted black;">
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*comment*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? in your terminal pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm filename can not regain file after deleted
    34. Why should I use version control? you would be working on a shared folder and same files
    35. How often should I commit to github? 20 min
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin branch name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork,clone using ssh,cd to where you want to clone, git clone <link>, cd <reponame>, git checkout -b "name-name", code . ,save , git add ., git commit -m "message", git push -u origin branch-name, pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 