<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt -->
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Basic HTML commands that affect display
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        Mark up text on a website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attributes provide a way to address a specific HTML tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        It is the largest header, and ideally only used once per pages
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        Tags: IMG and A
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Header and Intro conextparagraph(s)
    7. What is an id?
        Attrribute that uniquely specifies an HTML tag on a page 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Most HTML tags?
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Once only
    10. What is a class? 
        A class is used to mark several HTML tags up the samne markup code
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Most HTML tags?
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As often as needed
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Use <a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        Display text during hoer over
    15. How do I reference an id?
        
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        
    17. What is CSS used for?
        To seperate and re-use HTML markup from the content  
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        Use e.g. line-height:1.5;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        Use letter-spacing:2px;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        Use text-transform: uppercase or lowercase or capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        Example: .gallery img:hover {  border:1px dotted black; }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        CTRL-A
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        comment in CS is '/* multiline comment */' or '// single line'
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        Depends tool?
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        dir or ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
        rm <filename>  
    34. Why should I use version control?
        To have back copies in Git, and able to retrieve previous versions 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Several times a day
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        git add, git commmit, git push, pull request, pull merge

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
