https://codepen.io/BlueYuji/pen/VwKvZEW?editors=1100



1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Semantic elements clearly ddescribe its meaning to the browser and developer.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
	it creates the structure and outline for web pages and applications.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	attributes provide and they are specified in the start tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	h1 tag is used mostly for the title of a page and is only used once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	form and input

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	<!DOCTYPE html>

    7. What is an id? 
	it specifies a unique is for an ntml element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	all but <head> , <html> , <meta> , <script> , <style> , and <title>

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	they can be used repeatedly but shouldn't

    10. What is a class? 
	it specifies one or more class names for an element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	multiple

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	there is no limti but there shouldnt be too many. 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	cntrl left click

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	to have some text that describes the image

    15. How do I reference an id?
	you can use a # before referencing an id

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	The section tag defines sections in a document like chapters, headers, footers whereas div tag defines a division in an HTML document

    17. What is CSS used for? 
	css is used to style html elements

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	you type h2 {css here}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, 
	whereas a class can be used to identify more than one. 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	type a '.' then the class name

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	prent child selector is > and is used when to select all of a type of element that is a child elemebnt of another specific element. 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div.sidebar:link

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	 it is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element(s). For example, :hover can be used to change a button's color when the user's pointer hovers over it

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	<br>

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	 letter-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform: (uppercase, lowercase, capatilize);

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div {
	  border: 1px dotted black;	

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	* {css here}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* comment here */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	del /f filename

    34. Why should I use version control? 
	helps teams solve these kinds of problems, tracking every individual change by each contributor 
	and helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting. Changes made in one part of the software can 
	be incompatible with those made by another developer working at the same time.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
	you should commit whenever you make a feature change

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	Fork, clone, checkout, commit, push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	By default, inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow. Block elements, on the other hand, typically cause a line break to occur

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
	An absolutely positioned element no longer exists in the normal document layout flow. Instead, it sits on its own layer separate from everything else. 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
	display: inline-clock;

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	block - <li>,<address>,<div>  inline - <span>,<button> , span.c

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
	the box model is used to explain the layout of elements. to fix you must used padding, borders, and margins


   --> 