https://codepen.io/hargettc2015/pen/bGdaygp?editors=1100
1. What is Semantic HTML? 
The use of markup to give meaning of the information in your webpage. 
2. What is HTML used for? 
Used to build webpages.
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
A characteristic of a page element, such as font, size, color.
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
Its used for the main title on the page, should only be used once. 
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
img, a
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
The header
7. What is an id? 
gives your code a unique id to help style. 
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
id can be used on any HTML element
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
at most on one element
10. What is a class? 
another form of id, you can give to parts of your code for styling. 
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Class can be used on any element. 
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
As many times as necissary for style. 
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
Right click and hit 'open in a new tab'.
14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
Used to name images.
15. How do I reference an id?
Starting with a #
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
sections are Sematic, div's are not.
17. What is CSS used for?
CSS is used for styling your webpage, changing fonts, spacingm color. 
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
by typing h2 {}
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
Id is more unique, where as class is widely used.
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
by starting with a .
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
The parent child selector selects all the elements that are a direct child of the specified element. Helpful when selecting first/last child. 
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar
24. What is a pseudo selector?
Assists in the selection of something that cannot be expressed by a simple selector. 
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
padding
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
font size?
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/**
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm, removes file forever.
34. Why should I use version control?
checks previous versions 
35. How often should I commit to github?
    often
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push origin 'Christina-Hargett'
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Create your own repo, make sure its forked correctly, add TL to repo, clone repo, cd command, git clone "", cd into new repo by using cd<repo-name>, make a branch with your name, work on repo, add, commit, push, submit a pull request, go back to forked copy, click branch master, click your name branch then poll request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Inline elements do not force a line break, block elements can. 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    means its absolute or fixed. 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    pixel size
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    display: address, article, aside...display inline, code, a, br....
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
    Its how HTML elements are modeled in pages. box sizing. 