    Todays project link: https://codepen.io/Zeitgheist/pen/XWKaKGv?editors=1100


    1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic HTML gives meaning to the page.
    2. What is HTML used for? For the framing or construct of the content.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? It provides additional information about the HTML elements and should be used when looking to increase speceficity or to be more precise when accessing elements in CSS.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? H1 is the MOST important element on a page and should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes href and an img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Style sheets and other information that doesn't need to be present as actual page content. Font links, style sheets, etc... behind the scene content.
    7. What is an id? Exactly that. An ID.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? An element that stands alone and will not be referenced again.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Depends on the context. Class is generally better IMO.
    10. What is a class? It groups content/elements. Can be precise but not as sharp as ID.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Just about everything. 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? Have a blast but be clear on what it means.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? href links
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? A description for when a browser may not or cannot load the image
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div Div is a block element. Section is an inline element.
    17. What is CSS used for? Styling the HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one: One specific to the document, the other is specific to the task. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .classExample
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? In selecting ul/ol items
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? It's the secondary action indented to be acheived.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?  letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rem
    34. Why should I use version control? It allows for collaborative content progression.
    35. How often should I commit to github? After every significant change or about every 20 mins.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin "YourName" / The just git push after that
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork/clone/cd to folder/branch/code

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? Block elements are stacked and take up 100% of the width of the page. Inline are as is stated.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? I means it is fixed but can be relative to other blocks
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? box-sizing: border-box;
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default sorry... burned out now and tired. :(
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 