code pen link : 

<!-- reveiw questions to Submit in today's file firt-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Tags give vaule in HTML.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used to build the walls of your website. It is the blue prints of your code.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attributes provide additional information about an element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        is is used for the heading. only once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        src and href
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        typically a comment on what this code will entail. Then a header.
    7. What is an id? 
        an Id is a tag that is really specific. Only applies to one thing.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        You can an Id to most things. It is manily used to style a certian part of the code. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        You can create many id's but do not repeat ids.
    10. What is a class? 
        A class is a way to group togther code under one tag
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        You can an class to most things. You will want to use the same class for mulitple Attributes
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As mnany as you want and needed.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        Description of the image you used.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #ID
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Section: a ceritian part of information. Div: Random information.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used to make your website pretty and understandable
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {
            //what you want it to do.
        }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Class applies to many Attributes
            Ex.
                Used for all of the links in the body. 

        Id applies to a single part of code
            Ex.
                Used just for the footer or logo

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p .human {

        }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        used to match elements that are direct children of other elements. This is more specific.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
            a div .sidebar{

            }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        tab key
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        space key
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        lowercase: makes all of the letters in the selected text lowercase.
        uppercase: makes all of the letters in the selected text uppercase or ALL CAPS.
        capitalize:  capitalizes the first letter of each word in the selected text.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border = 1px
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        use the *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* like this */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm - it gives no warning
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        So can go see your history and go back to a certain version.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        about every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push u- orgin GraceeElton
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        First clone repo.
        opern terminal and go to the folder you want the new file to live
        use git clone "URL" - to create a the file 
        use git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' to add the new file to your branch
        use code . to open it 
        add all the code or changes in VS
        use git commit -m "this will save the new file locally and this is also where you will write a detailed message and your changes"
        use git push -u orgin GraceeElton - this will send it to github


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 



   --> 