https://codepen.io/colinolmstead/pen/XWmqpMr

1. What is Semantic HTML? 

Semantic HTML is the use of HTML markup to reinforce the semantics, or meaning, of the information in webpages and web applications rather than merely to define its presentation or look.

    2. What is HTML used for? 

Blueprint of a website

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

html attribute modifies and element and should be put in quotes

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

Main heading used once per page

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

a tag and doctype

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

meta data

    7. What is an id? 

unique id for html element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

any element one time


    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

once

    10. What is a class? 

The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element. The class attribute can be used on any HTML element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

any

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

as many as you like

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

add a target="_blank" attribute to your links (anchor tags).

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 


people that cant see

    15. How do I reference an id?


#

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

The <section> tag defines sections in a document, such as chapters, headers, footers, or any other sections of the document. whereas: The <div> tag defines a division or a section in an HTML document. The <div> tag is used to group block-elements to format them with CSS.


    17. What is CSS used for? 

Styling web pages 

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

h2 { }


    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

ID is used for one element so you would use it for something that occured once on the page like a form. Class is for multiple elements and could be used for all h2's


    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

. or period

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

.human


    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

it is a selector with nested elements. it would be useful when selecting nested elements

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

.sidebar {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

line-height property css

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

<div style="border: dotted 1px black" id="mydiv">content</div>

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

*

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

/* , and end it with */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

look at the command line it tells you

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

rm, be careful because it is "permanent"

    34. Why should I use version control? 

larger projects are organized better, code continuity, debugging, test, consistency and efficiency, multiple devs or participants, roll back

    35. How often should I commit to github?

any time you have created a significant change or if you are working on different modules for example

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

    fork, add collab, clone, create new branch, implement new branch with frequent commits, push, pull request, add pm as reviewer on pull request, completed when pm merges


    STRETCH

    Research and understand what a merge conflict is and how to resolve it.

Open Terminal .
Navigate into the local Git repository that has the merge conflict. ...
Generate a list of the files affected by the merge conflict. ...
Open your favorite text editor, such as Atom, and navigate to the file that has merge conflicts.
Decide if you want keep the removed file.
    
 Research the Git commands pull, rebase, merge. These commands will allow you to bring in changes that other developers push to the master branch.



 Research the Git commands reset , revert, clean. These commands will allow you to go back and amends previous commits you have made.

 git reset is like git restore

 revert will undo changes

 git clean deletes untracked files