This is not the code you're looking for o.o
Here it is ---> https://codepen.io/Corellcb/pen/JjjrYMa?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
        Recommended language with meaning that is used for text markup.  

    2. What is HTML used for?
        Text markup on webpages.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
        Attributes are keywords that dictate the behavior of a tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The H1 tag is used to mark the most important section of text (usually a title or heading).

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        Anchor tags need the href attribute and image tags need the src attribute.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Metadata and file to import are put in the head.

    7. What is an id? 
        An id is an attribute that allows a tag to easily be called in css. it is the most specific way to call on a tag, asid from using the !important keyword.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Any element that can be changed using css, but should be used on elements that are unique.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Once.

    10. What is a class? 
        An attribute that can be used on more than one element to easily call on in css.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Any element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As much as you would like.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        Displays the written text when the image it is attached to cannot be displayed.

    15. How do I reference an id?
        #idname

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        a section is used to contain large parts of a document and divs are for smaller parts of a document.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Styling of text and other eleme nts in a webpage.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        just put the name of the elemtn and follow it with curly brackets. (i.e. h2 {})

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        classes are meant for multiple uniform elements and ids are used for one unique element. Such as in a navbar,
        each anchor link would be part of the same class/classes because they would have similar looks and properties
        and maybe an img that needs to stand out in the webpage would be called on using an id. 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .classname

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        This selects elements within a class or section. It is useful in situations where you only want 
        to change a certain kind of element in a container and not everyting in it. 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        a keyword that specifies what how an element will change when put in a certain state like with the :hover state,
         where the user hover their mouse cursor over the element. 

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        The line-height property.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        The letter-spacing property.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        The text-transform property.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
        The wildcard selector - * 

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /**/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
        The pwd command.

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        The ls command.

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        The rm command. Must be careful with it because it is irreversible.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        To make sure that prjects are not messed by multiple people working on it at the same time.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        After many meaningful changes have been made, so about every 20 minutes depending on the situation.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        step one: fork
        step two: add TL as collaborator
        step three: clone
        step four: create branch named and name it after yourself firstName-lastName
        step five: submit pull request with your fork as base and set TL as reviewer
        step six: TL checks work and merges work into master

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        An inline element is contained within a line and doesn't make a new line.
        A block element takes up a whole line. 

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        if an element is positioned absolutely it will be positioned relative to the previous element.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
        width: auto;

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        div, section, and address elements are block-level,  span and a are inline elements, and img tags are inline block.
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
        The box model is how css computes width and height of an element, including its padding, margin, and parent. 
        This is an issue because it is not intuitive and also makes layouts very fragile. 
        A fix for this is box-sizing: border-box, which includes padding and margin in the elements width.
