https://codepen.io/cknoettg/pen/bGNxyXR?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML is including elements in your HTML that give meaning to your page, like <section>,<article>,etc.
    
2. What is HTML used for? 
HTML gives overall structure for the page.
    
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
Attributes give additional information about HTML elements. The img element can have a src, height and weight attribute.
 
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
H1 stands for heading 1. It is often used once for the most important element on the page, but can use more than once if
it is appropriate.
    
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
Two tags that have required attributes are style and script, which need a type attribute before HTML5.
    
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Title, scripts and stylesheets.
    
7. What is an id?
id gives unique specifity to an element.
    
8. What elements can I add an id to?
Any element of your choosing.
    
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
Once.
 
10. What is a class?
A class allows you to add specificity to a group of related elements
 
11. What elements can I add a class to?
Any element of your choosing.
    
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
As many times as you feel it would be useful. 
    
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
target="_blank"
    
14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
alt can specify additional text for accessibility purposes.
    
15. How do I reference an id?
id="myIdHere"
    
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
A section categorizes a meaningful section of content. A div divides the page in a more generic way.
    
17. What is CSS used for? 
To style your webpage.
    
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
.h2 {
  my-property: value;
}

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
A class can be used across multiple items that are similar in some way. An id gives unique specificity.
You could create a class for every disclaimer on a page, so you can italicize them all.
An id could be used if you only wanted to have a single disclaimer in a wall of text, and you want to italicize that one disclaimer.

    
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.my-class-name {
}

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human p {
}

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
If you have nested elements, and you want to style each nested portion differently, you could use parent-child combinations.

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar div {
}

24. What is a pseudo selector?
A pseudo selector can be something like the :hover pseudo-selector that changes behavior when a certain condition is met.
    
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
<br> or margin

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
    
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform: uppercase | lowercase | capitalize
    
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border: 1px dotted black;

29. How do I select everything on the page?
The universal selector (*) 
    
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* */

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
echo file, or pwd for directory

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm - there is no warning - it will simply delete

34. Why should I use version control? 
So you have a history of changes made to a project, so you can revert if things go wrong.

35. How often should I commit to github?
When you are sure the code is working.
    
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
git push -u origin "firstname-lastname"  
 
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
First we fork.
Then we clone.
Then we branch.
Then we make changes.
Then we add/commit/push.
Then we do a pull request.

Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
Block elements take the full width - inline elements only take as much space as they need.

2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
It's position cannot be changed, except manually, which may work out poorly depending on the type of device a person
is using. It is not easily modifiable or responsive.

3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
Use an inline element.

4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default?
block: div, article, p ; inline: span, button ; inline-block: textarea
    
5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
The box model has a default value for margin, border and padding when a website is displayed. The fix is the flex model.

