Link to finished codepen https://codepen.io/landcourt1/pen/ZEQxVEx?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic HTML is HTML used to reinforce the semantics of the information in webpages.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used for marking uo sites.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute is a modifier that we use in HTML that we place inside of a tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is used to signify the most important thing in your code and should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        The a tag and the img tag.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        We start it with a head tag.
    7. What is an id? 
        An id is a unique attribute that you can only use once on a page.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        We can use an id on a div, h1-h6 and all but a few other elements. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        You can use the same id once.
    10. What is a class? 
        A class is an attribute that specifies one or more class names.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        We can add a class to a section, div, h1-h6, etc.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        You don't really have a limit.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        You would add the achor tag taget="_blank".
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        The alt attribute provides alternative information if the image can't be displayed.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        You'd use #idname.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        The section tag defines sections on a page/doc like chapters, headers, and footers, while the div tag difines a division in the html. 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is for defining the presentation of a page.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        To select an element we would call the element followed with curly brackets. Selecting every h2 would look like this h2 {}.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class can be used several times while an id can only be used once. For example you might use an id if you wanted to wanted to assign a property to one specific thing on a page, and a class to assign a property to things on a page that you feel go together.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        To select a class in CSS we would start with a period and then the class's name. (.class {})
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        (p.human {})
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        A parent child selector is a selector that selects all elements that are direct child of the specified element, it would ne useful with list.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A pseudo selector is a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element, like :hover.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        We assign them the propert line-height.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        Assign the propert letter-spacing.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        You would give your div a border and set the width to 1px, the style to dotted, and the color black.
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * {}.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* whatever you want your comment to be */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm and you you should be careful because it will be gone for ever with no warning or apology.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        You should use versipn control because it stores different save points in your work effeciently and you can share work with your team or employer. 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        You should commmit every 20 min or anytime you've fixed a bug or anything significant. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin "your-name" for the first time and then just git push.
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. fork 
        2. make sure your name is in front of the repo 
        3. add TL as collaborator 
        4. clone your repo using githubs clone and download buttom 
        5. go to the directory and clone the fork repo. 
        6. use the git clone command to clone the repo to the directory you're currently in 
        7. cd into the newly created repo using cd reponame command
        8. use git checkout -b 'courtland-gardner' to create your own branch name for the repo (work branch)
        9. work 
        10. add the repo changes with git add .
        11. commit the changes with your specified commit message using git commit -m "message"
        12. push up changes to your github repo with git push -u origin branch-name (same name as git checkout -b)
        13. after changes are on github sumbit a pull request
        14. go back to project, click on branch botton, click on name branch and then make a new pull request on name branch
        15. once on pull request page click the dropdown button that says base repository and change it to your repo 
        16. add your TL as a reviewer and submit pull request



Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        A block element always starts on a new line and takes up full width available, while an inline element does not start on a new line and it only takes up as much width as neccessary.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        When an element is positioned absolutely the elements computed position value is absolute or fixed. 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        An inine element.
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 