https://codepen.io/L1tCraig/pen/WNoPeEd
    1. What is Semantic HTML?
        Tags that do what they indicate. a nav is a navigation menu or a table will have information in a table. 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        html is for creating web sites. it houses the blueprint for the site.
        the basic layout for what is to be in a page can be modified by other
        programming languages like css and js.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
        an attribute is a command value and it goes after the target object.
        an img tag is dull if the computer doesnt know the src attribute.
        If you dont follow an object or concept with an attribute how would 
        the computer know what to do there?
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        h1 tags are usually for the title of a page. The tag isnt required because
        its the 1 and doesn't mean that it has to be first rather that it is the 
        heaviest font size of the h tags. It does tend to make a page look bulky.
        there are better ways to adjust sizing of font through css. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes.
        an img and an a (anchor) tag both are pretty harmless without
        an attribute.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
        information for the computer such as browser tab
        name, attatchments like a css or js file. Things the browser needs to
        know before rendering the page.
    7. What is an id? 
        an id is a lable for a tag in html that can be used to target a single element
        for modification. an id can only be used in one place in one tag.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        elements that are represented on the page. so a meta or a head or script wouldnt be able to take an id or class because you cant point to them in the browser. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        One. one time. not two nor three... one. tyvm.
    10. What is a class? 
        a lable for an element within the html page that allows
        further manipulation.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        same as id 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        as many as needed (evil_laugh)
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        after the url input target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        it lets the browser know what to render if the src fails to load.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        by using a #idname 
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        a section will show data entry like a topic with a title and maybe pics. were a div is defined by its class/id. very handy for flexbox containers.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        cascading style sheets are for reorganizing and styling elements in html.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        through css you can directly call the h2 {'code'}
        or using .classname #id name 
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        class is used for general styling where you want to
        use simmilar themes for different elements of your
        html. Id, however, is for unique stylings and events
        such as a line of javascript.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .className {'code'}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human {'code'}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        section.about > h2 {'code'} would allow to target only the h2 (child) elements in the parent section with the class about.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div.sidebar {'code'}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        property:pseudoselector. conditional events souch as :hover
        or :read-only
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height: 1
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing: 5px
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: upercase/lowercase/capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div {border: 1px dotted black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * {'code'}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* everything here is commented out in css */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        $pwd will show you the directory path youre at
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        $ls lists the items around you.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm fileName     sometimes when something is gone its gone forever.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        keeps everyone on the same page. keep track of changes made by yourself and others.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        commit as often as you feel comfortable. like ps1 ff7 often would
        make good habits.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        $git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
        fork the project
        clone to pc $git clone (insertlink)
        create branch $git checkout -b branch-Name
        modify projects saving progress with $git add .
            then git commit -m 'loving-every-minute'
        after you've finished your task push to github 
            the pull request link will display the 
            finished project.