https://codepen.io/dannyboy_k/pen/mdyjOMP?editors=1100


1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for?
        HTML is used to construct organized, structured web pages. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
        An attribute further describes what any element is for example the "href" when adding a link. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag has built in a larger font size and is meant to be a title that stands out.  Usually on the top of a page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        h1 and div
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
        <header> 
    7. What is an id?
        an ID gives an element the most specificity an element can have in HTML since it can only be used with one element. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Any, but only 1.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
        1. 
    10. What is a class?
        A class is the second most specific next to an ID. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Any.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
        Unlimited. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        by using the target="_blank" attribute
    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
        alt stands for an alternative attribute you can add to images in the case that it cannot be displayed for the convenience to anyone who is using a screen reader. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        section means that everything within constains a common meaning and relates to one another while div is just a container with no common meaning.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used to style HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class you might use for styling multiple elements in the same manner and an ID you might use to style a single element.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
        a parent child selector us used to specify a specific element within a class. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        a pseudo selector is used to style an element that is in a certain state, for example .class:hover{}
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase, capitalize, lowercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div{border:1px dotted black}
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
        *{} 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        //
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
        It will be displayed on the terminal directly before where you input text. 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
        rm <file> because there will be no warnings. 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        because it allows others to reference previous versions and gives a fail safe for debugging.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Every time an important change is made.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
        git push -u 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        First we forked the repo 
        Then we cloned the repo - git clone URL 
        Then we made some changes and ran a git status 
        Then we staged the changes using git add .
        Then we committed the changes using  git commit -m “our message” 
        Then we need to use git push to publish our local commits 
        Now we should be able to see these changes 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 