1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Proper code for organizing web page.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	HTML is used to structure a page.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	An attribute is a subdirectory of an HTML tag and is put as attr tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	The h1 tag is used for the title of the page and should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	anchor and img tags.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	links to other documents for the webpage.
    7. What is an id? 
	An id is used for one HTML element to be styled specifically different.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	As many as you want.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	Once
    10. What is a class?
	A class is a group of div that are supposed to behave similarily  
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	Div, and sections.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	As many as are supposed to be similar
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	attr="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	Search engine optimization.
    15. How do I reference an id?
	hashtag #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	A section is a group of divs.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	Styling the webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	A class would go over an unordered list, while the id would go for one specific list item.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	Parent child selector forces the child to be similar to the parent. This is useful when you have a h1 tag followed by a paragraph.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	a.slidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	A pseudo selector is an option for interaction of the page.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	lowercase, uppercase, capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	border: 1px dotted black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	body
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	//
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	find .
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm <file> you have to be careful cause it gets rid of the file forever and is irreversible to get it back.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	Just in case there is a mistake, you can go "back in time" and start over if there are issues.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	every 20 min or so
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	Fork file.
	Copy url from Github.
	change directory to where you want the file. (Cd)
	Clone in terminal with git address.
	Check out the branch of the cloned file.
	When done add, commit, then push



Assignment Code Pen: https://codepen.io/dannyabbott159/pen/WNbbOJN?editors=1100