https://codepen.io/DHaralson/pen/gOpeemM

/* 1. What is Semantic HTML? A more detailed and informed way on what is in the html and to give the code more meaning.
    
  2. What is HTML used for? it is used to create electronic docimuents.
   
  3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? attributes could be something like the class or id and we put them in a tag= <div class="#">. It also allows us to identify them in the css.
 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? it is a tag that allows us to break down the main topics only use h1 once and then go h2 h3 and so on.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes id and class

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <head>

    7. What is an id? it is an attribute that specifies a unique id for an html element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? it can be added to any html element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? no they each need to have their own unique within the entire document
 
    10. What is a class? it is an attribute that can be used on any html element it specifies one or more class names for an element

    11. What elements can I add a class to? all of them

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? there is no limit

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? add target="_blank" at the end of the link

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? it allows alternate text for an image if someone cant view it ie slow internet

    15. How do I reference an id? #
  
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
  Section gathers a specific and strong semantic purpose where dic is a generic non specific meaning

   17. What is CSS used for? CSS is used to style a html sheet and allow for it to be customized with color pictures and layouts for the page

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
  h2 {

}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one class can be used for multiple things where as id can only be used for 1 thing classes would be used for stuff like multiple paragraphs that are on the same page where as id would be a specific area

    20. How do we select classes in CSS? with a . ".className"

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.p human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? whatever the parent has then the child now gets that style as well and it would be usefull when you have 2 things that are the same catergory but mean two seperate things. meaning if they tie together but have 2 seperate ideas.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div .sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector? its a selector that assists in the selection of something that cannot be expressed by a simple selector.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform (lowercase, uppercase, capitalize)

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div {
  border: 1px;
  border-style: dotted;
  color: black;
}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*    */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? cd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm and because there is no undoing it once its deleted it is gone for good

    34. Why should I use version control? it tracks every individual change by each contributor and helps concurent work from conflicting

    35. How often should I commit to github? whenever you finish a step

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git  flow.  fork the repo, Add your colab, clone your repo, create your branch/switch to branch, work on said project, view changes, then git add. to add everything, commit then push it and it will be up for all the world to see

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? inline do not force a new line to begin in the document and block causes a line break to occur

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? the top right bottom left propertiesspecify offsets from the edge of the elements containing block

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default 

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
*/
