https://codepen.io/davhicks83/pen/XWddELe


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        it is HTML that gives the markup meaning.  It helps both developer 
        and browser identify clearly what each section of the website is.

    2. What is HTML used for?
        it is used to describe the structure of a webpage and to identify 
        each section of the webpage.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        it identifies additional characteristics of a property such as 
        height or width.  Its usually found in the opening tag and always 
        has quotes.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        It is used to identify the main heading of a page and it should only be 
        used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        anchor tag
        image tag

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        title and any linked stylesheets that are necessary

    7. What is an id? 
        it is a way of identifying an element that is specific to that element.
        It can only be used once. 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Any element as but it can only be used once.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Once.

    10. What is a class? 
        it is a way of identifying elements on a page but it can be used to 
        group multiple elements together under 1 class tag.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        any element can receive a class.

    12. How many times can I use the same class onb a page? 
        It can be used as many times as necessary.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        add a target="_blank" attribute to the anchor tag

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        so screen readers can identify what the image is or represents
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        section creates independant sections within a page with logically connected 
        content whereas a div is just an empty container specifying a division or a section.

    17. What is CSS used for?
        CSS is used to style a webpage

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        Just by typing in the element you want to select.  such as h2

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Class can select multiple elements and an ID is specific to one.  If you wanted all the
        p tags to look the same you can add them to the same class but if ! of those had to be different
        you can add an ID to it.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
        a way of identifying an element based upon a tag and the elemnents nested
        under that tag.  it could be useful in a situation when you are not able 
        to modify the html of a document.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div.sidebar a 

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        a way to add different styling to the same tag under different circumstances.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line height attribute

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter spacing attribute

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        Text transform values

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted black

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*  */  or //

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm or del before the file name    rm will not ask for confirmation before deleting

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        It makes it easier to find any mistakes that were made and also allows 
        multiple people to work on the same project.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        as often as possible

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin david-hicks

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork, then add TL as collaborator, copy and then clone into VSCode, create your own branch, add and
        commit changes as you work on document, push changes to Github, then on Github do a pull request.
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        Inline elements do NOT force a new line where as block elements typically do.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
        It is not affected by other elements and its positioning isn't affected.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

