https://codepen.io/eldabid96/pen/bGpyqba?editors=1100


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
-Descriptive HTML tags
    2. What is HTML used for?
It is the structure of the web page. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
It gives the tag value and we place it after the equal sign. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
The h1 tag is used for the main title on the web page. You should have 1 h1 tag per page
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
a tag and link tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
<!DOCTYPE html>
    7. What is an id?
It is an identification for a single tag on the page 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
It can be added to any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
Once 
    10. What is a class?
It is an idendification for a group of tags that can be used on the
page at the same time when called. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
Any 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
As many times as you want. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
It provides information in case the image can't be displayed
    15. How do I reference an id?
with the hashtag symbol
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
section is grouped and div is like a divisor
    17. What is CSS used for? 
CSS is  used for adding color to the web page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
if we were selecting every h2 on the page we would need to do the
following
h2 {

}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
the difference is that class is used on multiple tags and id is used soley on 1 tag.
you will most likely use class when you are trying to refer to multiple tags and id when you will only select one tag
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
with the period .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human p {
}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
its a main tag with sub tags that follow below it with less priority 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar div a{
}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
it actives when the element is a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-spacing
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform: uppercase; lowercase; capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div {
1px dotted black;
}
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
* {
} 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/*I am a comment in css */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
ls command
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm file / have to be careful because once it's removed it's permanetely gone
    34. Why should I use version control? 
it makes uploading and sharing code easier
    35. How often should I commit to github?
everytime you make a change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin firstname-lastname
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
fork
clone
cd into folder
branch
make changes
git add.
git commit
git push
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
inline element's don't force anything onto the other line unline block which does
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
it makes it as if it doesn't exist to surrounding elements
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
position: absolute;
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
li div section // button input // input
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
it's a demonstration showing you how each element of the box model works and affects each other
