Link to my project:
https://codepen.io/Davor-K/pen/ZEbrxXQ?editors=1100



    1. What is Semantic HTML?
       Semantic HTML elements clearly describe it's meaning in a human and machine readable way. 

    2. What is HTML used for? 
       Hypertext Markup Language (HTML) is the standard markup language for documents designed to be displayed in a web browser.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
       Attributes define additional characteristics or properties of the element such as width and height of an image. Attributes are always        specified in the start tag (or opening tag) and usually consists of name/value pairs like name="value" . Attribute values should always be        enclosed in quotation marks.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
       The <H1> HTML tag is usually used for the title of a page or post and it is the first header visible on a page.
       We should use H1 Tag only once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
       Image, Video

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
       HTML <head> Tag. The <head> tag contains metadata (document title, character set, styles, links, scripts), specific information about the        web page that is not displayed to the user. Metadata provides browsers and search engines with technical information about the web page.

    7. What is an id? 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
       Only once

    10. What is a class? 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many times as I want

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 

    15. How do I reference an id?

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

    17. What is CSS used for? 

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height: 1.5;
  
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing: 2px;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * {color: red;}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* Comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

    34. Why should I use version control? 

    35. How often should I commit to github?

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.