
    1. What is Semantic HTML?
	 the use of HTML markup to reinforce meaning
    2. What is HTML used for?
	 used to sructure a web page and it's contents
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
	 gives meaning to HTML.  used in links and href 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	 use 1x and is the most importan thing on the paget
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	 href and link
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
	 <header>
    7. What is an id?
	 an attribute with a unique value
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
	 style elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	 1x
    10. What is a class?
	 attribute that specifies one or more class names for an HTML element
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
	 most
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
	 multiple 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	<a href>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
	 description 
    15. How do I reference an id?
	 by name
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
	  a div groups things,  a section groups by meaning
    17. What is CSS used for?
	 styling 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page  
	 h2{
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	id is unique and can only appear 1x and class can apply to multiple elements. < div class> & <div id>
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
 	p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
	css parent element>child element useful to select specific elements with a specific parent 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	.sidebar {
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	a keyword added to a selector that lets you style a specific part of the selectod elements
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform:
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div {
	border-style: dotted;
	border-color: black;
	border: 1px
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
	*{ 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/*	
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
	It says on the top 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	dir
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
	rm "file-name"...  it is dangerous because once it is removed it cannot be recovered. 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	It keeps track of all the work and changes
    35. How often should I commit to github? 
	often		
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
	git push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
	1)fork the repo
	2)clone the repo to the directory you are in
	3)cd into the newly created repo using cd command
	4)use git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' to create branch name for repo
	5)work on asssignment
	6)add and commit changes to your branch git.add (git commit -m "message"  for clarity)
	7)push changes back to github (git push -u debra-fontenot branch
	8)submit a pull request (PR)
	9)when you get to the PR page, mke sure that you it is on your forked repo!
	10)on github, click your name-branch and then click new pull request
	11) submit the pull request link canvas
	
	
