git for web development project codepen for project 2: https://codepen.io/dionne-stratton/pen/qBZBdZy?editors=1100
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes.

    1. What is Semantic HTML? A semantic element clearly describes its meaning to both the browser and the developer.
    2. What is HTML used for? Hypertext Markup Language (HTML) is the standard markup language for documents designed to be displayed in a web browser.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attributes define additional characteristics or properties of the element and are always specified in the start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? It indicates a heading on a website. How many times should I use it on a page? Once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes - image & anchor
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? metadata
    7. What is an id? The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any HTML element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? The class attribute specifies one or more classnames for an element. The class attribute is mostly used to point to a class in a style sheet.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any HTML element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? infinite.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? Add a target="_blank" attribute to your links (anchor tags).
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? The required alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed. The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it (because of slow connection, an error in the src attribute, or if the user uses a screen reader).
    15. How do I reference an id? The syntax for id is: write a hash character (#) character, followed by an id name.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?<section> means that the content inside is grouped (i.e. relates to a single theme), and should appear as an entry in an outline of the page. <div> , on the other hand, does not convey any meaning.
    17. What is CSS used for? It is the language for describing the presentation of Web pages, including colors, layout, and fonts.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2 {...}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one. - Give me an example of when I might use each one. Use Id to style a certain element and a class to reference a number of different elements in the same class.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? write a period character (.) character, followed by a class name.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human {...}
    22. What is a parent child selector? The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. When would this be useful? the nested list
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div.sidebar:links
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A CSS pseudo-class is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element(s). For example, :hover can be used to change a button's color when the user's pointer hovers over it.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? text-transform:upperecase text-transform:lowercase  text-transform:Capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? The * selector selects all elements.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? you start a comment with /* , and end it with */ .
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? In order to see where you are at any time within your computer, you can type the command  pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? del filename Why do I have to be careful with this? it will not ask if you are sure and it is permanent.
    34. Why should I use version control? Version control helps teams solve problems, tracking every individual change by each contributor and helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting.
    35. How often should I commit to github? after a major change of every 20 min.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push 'remote_name' 'branch_name'
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
      1.Create YOUR OWN version of Repo ---> (Fork)
      2.Add your TL as collaborator
      3.Clone YOUR Repo
      4.Create a branch (the one you are going to be working on)
      5.Push your new branch up to GitHub and make all future pushes to that branch
      6.Add your TL as a reviewer on the Pull Request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
