https://codepen.io/DonnieJewel/pen/eYJKmeK?editors=1100



    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML is the recommended standard for HTML markup.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used as a blueprint for displaying information on your screen.
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    An attribute is used to include information that we don't want rendered on the page. An attribute is put within the opening tag of an element.
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used to locate the header of the page and should be used once. 
   
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    a & image 
    
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <!DOCTYPE html>
    
    7. What is an id? 
An id is a title that CSS can use to select an element accurately.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
p,div,h1-6,body- a singl element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    
    10. What is a class? 
A class is a title that CSS can use to select an element accurately.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
  A class can be added to multiple elements at once.
  
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
Once

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
The alt attribute in the image tag is used to provide alternative information for a user under various different scenarios. 

    15. How do I reference an id?
#

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
The difference between div and section is that div does not define a section in html, but simply convey's meaning in it's further attributes; when section means that the content within a specific SECTION is grouped.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
CSS is used to add style and layout to web pages.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2{
    be:selected;
}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
<div id="top">
<h1>The Bird</h1>
<p class="truth">Is the word.</p>
<p class="truth">-Peter G.</p>
</div>
-
Class can be used to identify more than one element, where as id can identify only one.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p .human{

}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
A parent child selector is used to reference a specific tag; this would be useful when applying styling rules to HTML

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar a{

}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
Pseudo selector selects elements that are specific. i.e. :hover, :first-child, :invalid, etc.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
We use line-height to change the spacing between lines.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
We use letter-spacing to change the spacing between letters.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform:uppercase;
text-transform:lowercase;
text-transform:capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
body{
    border:1px dotted black;
}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*{
  
}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
To find out what file you're in when using the command line, I personally, 'cd ..', 'ls', and take a look at where I'm at. Otherwise I utilize the GUI and the line that comes on the prompt before you type.

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
git-rm - Is used to remove files via the command line. You should be very caution using this because it cannot be undone.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
You should use version control because it's the best practice to always have backups incase the unthinkable comes to pass. 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
OFTEN!(thanks for the reminder...)

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push origin <firstname-lastname>

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
1. Find the appropriate assignment within the Lambda repository on github
2. Fork the repository to your github account and verify this by checking that your name is the one beneath the title
3.Add your TL within settings > manage access> add collaberator> enter email
 Click "Code" and copy the URL link to the clipboard
4. Find your project folder in the GUI 
5. Open a GitBash instance in the file that your new folder
6. Once opened, clone the URL with the command 'git clone ....'
7. Typing ls will allow you to check the files in this directory, where you should see the project you've just cloned. "cd (project name)" into the directory of this project
8. Type 'git checkout -b (yourname) with a hypen and without spaces to make your own branch that will show within the prompt once completed.
9. Use 'git status' to verify your branch location
10. Type code . and do your work
11. When you're done with your work, type 'git add .' into the terminal
12. Then use 'git commit -m (a message about what you changed and worked on)' to make an inlie message that will be attatched to the log
13. Use 'git push origin (your name)' to submit the work
14. Return to github repositry and refresh the page to see that you've pushed your branch
15. Create a pull request once your TL has accepted your collaboration invite and wait
DON'T CLICK MERGE PULL REQUEST





Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
The difference between an inline element and a block element is that the inline element doesn't need to start on a new line and will only occupy the width it requires (this, nor the height can be set); while the block element can be started on a new line and can occupy it's full width.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
When an element is positioned absolutely, it gets removed from normal doc flow and is positioned at the starting point of its parent element.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
     
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
 Div, li, nav  -  span, strong, nav
 
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. /*What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? */
The box model is the structure of these invisible/visible barriers around your content.