https://codepen.io/drake-ashmond-coleman/pen/MWevXej?editors=1100


<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
     A: descriptive elements
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    A: to put the wording and images and the layout of the page
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    A: you put an attribute 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    A: H1 is the main heading used so that the user reads it as the main thing to rea.
    you can use it more than once, but as less as possible, since the H1 is used for 
    the most important text on screen
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    A: src and href
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    A: icon for the top of the page, link for css style sheet and js. it also has language preference.
    7. What is an id? 
    A: A specific tag used for a single element so that CSS and style it specifically
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    A: any 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    10. What is a class? 
    A: a tag descriptor that can be used on multiple elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    A: any 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    A: as many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    A: target ="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    A: to describe the image when it doesnt load 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    A: #id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A: Section is semantic, a div does not convey any meaning. 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    A: decoration, styling.
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    A: h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A: ID is used for a specific single element, class is used for multiple elements. Classw when you want multiple elements to receive the same effects, ID is used when you want one element to receive a special styling to itself
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    A: with a period
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    A: .human p
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    A:  
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    A:  .sidebar a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A: styling actions based on user input
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    A: <br>
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    A: line-height
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    A: transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    A: div{ dotted black 1px}
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    A:  *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    A: /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    A: pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    A: ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    A:  git rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    A: so that you dont have to keep saving code and having so many different saves and files, and a version control 
    allows other people to participate and see what changes each other have made. 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    A: Every 20 minutes, or a major change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    A: git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    A: go to the repo on gityhub, fork it, copy the repo. go to command line 
    and make a folder, then put git clone to clone the url. then branch the 
    clone, then code dot (.). then when you make changes and you want to push them, you 
go to command line or terminal nad put git add, and now they are reaDy for committment. 
then git comment -m plus quotation marks to include description of changes. Now the final step, 
git push -u origin branch-name, that commits the changes.
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    A: inline element takes up as much space as the inside parts take. A blcok element stretches from side to side and doesnt let anything sit beside it, 
    while the inline can be on the same line.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    A: its position relative to the closest ancestor thats positioned relative
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
    A:  inline block
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    A: p section div. img a. button
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    A: Box model is like, it shows the way padding margin and border are positioned around elements. Display: Inline block



   --> 