https://codepen.io/dylan-mumpower/pen/zYKrPaK?editors=1100
Questions:

    1. What is Semantic HTML? - HTML That has meaning to the developer.

    2. What is HTML used for? - HTML is used to create or structure a webpage.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? - Attributes are used to include information in an element that we don't want to render on the page. They go at the start of a tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? - h1 is the largest of the heading elements, there should be only one.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes - <a> and <src>

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? - Metadata such as titles or styles.

    7. What is an id? - An id is similar to a class, except it only applies to that one specific element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? - Any HTML element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? - Only once.

    10. What is a class? - A class is similar to an ID, difference is it can be used to apply to ALL elements it is applied to. Not restricted to one.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? - Any HTML element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? - As many as you need.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? put the target attribute to _blank.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? Used as a back up incase the main img breaks.

    15. How do I reference an id? - #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div - section groups it's elements together, div only represents its child elements with no special meaning.

    17. What is CSS used for? - CSS is used to style up your HTML page.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. - h2 {
								}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. - Class can be used as many times as you want, ID only once for it's specific ID. 
	Class can be used when you want to style an entire group, while ID can be used when you only need one.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS? - with a .

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human {
								}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? It selects all elements that are a direct child to the specified parent element.
	
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? - a.sidebar:link {
								}

    24. What is a pseudo selector? - Specifies a special state of the selected element such as :hover

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? - line-height:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? - letter-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: {uppercase;} text-transform: {lowercase;} text-transform: {capitalize;}

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? - div: {border 1px dotted black}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? git pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? git ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? git rm, you can delete something super important.

    34. Why should I use version control? So you can revert changes as needed as well as multiple people can work on the same file to merge it into one.

    35. How often should I commit to github? Whenever you can, when you think your changes might break something.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. - Fork, then clone, create a branch, add/commit, push when done; pull after.