https://codepen.io/elijahoneal/pen/ZEWayZB 

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Semantic HTML is using better naming conventions for HTML elements to describe their contents.
    2. What is HTML used for?
	HTML is used for building images and text that will be displayed on the webpage.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
	 Attributes goes after the element tag and usually describes information in the element or points to a specific link
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	The h1 tag is used for the main title and it should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes.
	<input> <select>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
	Meta data, links, title information 
    7. What is an id?
	An id is a very specfic element selector.
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
	Any element 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
	It's best to use the same id once 
    10. What is a class?
	A class is another selector. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
	Any element 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
	As many times as you need to. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	add 'target=_blank' to the link.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
	To add descriptive text in case the image doesn't load. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
	Using #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	Section is semantic HTML and describes part of the web page, div is general.
    17. What is CSS used for?
	CSS is used to style and organize the webpage 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	id is more specific than a class. You might use class to select multiple sections and add the same styling but also use
	id to selecta specific section that has mor importance and needs different styling.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	Using '.classname{}'
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
A parent child selector is an element(child) selected within a larger element(parent).
	Its used to target specific elements rather than the entire parent element. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	.sidebar a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	A pseudo selector is a selector that affects element when in a specific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-spacing
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform: uppercase / lowercase / capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
	*{} 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	cd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
	rm - removing the file is not the same as removing to recycling. The file will be harder to recover. 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	To save multiple states of the project to make it easier to update and manage.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	As often as major changes are made
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
	git push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
	Fork the repo, clone it locally, create a new branch and work on the project, last create a pull request for submission. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	Inline elements will display side by side, block elements take up the entire width.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
	It will be positioned relative the the parent element or the body element if it has not ancestor. 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
	set a min-width 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	Block: <p> , <h1-h6>, <ol-ul>, Inline: <a> <span>, Inline-Block: <button>
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
	The boxel model consists of the element, the border around the element, the padding within the border, and the margin around the border, which all collectively determines the height and width of each element.
	The "fix" is to set all the margins and padding to 0. 