May 7, 2020 - Git for Web Development Exercise:

Part One: Github & CLI 
    
Part Two:

Codepen Link:  https://codepen.io/emfresh2o/full/xxGWRRp

Review Questionnaire:

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	— Semantic HTML are tags with meaning helps human and machine understand each code written

    2. What is HTML used for? 
	— HTML stands for HyperText Markup Language and they are used for creating documents that are displayed on the internet

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	— An attribute provides functionality to an HTML tag element and is usually place at the beginning of each tag

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	— h1 tag is used for the heading or title of the page and it should only be used once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	—‘href’ and ‘src’

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	— <Head> metadata

    7. What is an id? 
	— id is an attribute that specifies a unique HTML element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	— you can add a specific id to the header element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	— you can only use a unique ID once on a single element

    10. What is a class? 
	— Class is an attribute that defines equal styles for elements with the same class

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	— You can add a class attribute to any HTML element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	— no limit

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	— by adding a blank target to your anchor tag

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	— it specifies an alternate text for an image

    15. How do I reference an id?
	— by using a hashtag symbol

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	— a ‘section’ refers to a group of content inside a document like a header, footer
	— a ‘div’ serves as a container for defining a style of the HTML element

    17. What is CSS used for? 
	— CSS is used for style the HTML document

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	— by using a CSS Selector
	
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	— Class attribute specifies the style of an element inside a container 
		ex. <div class=“footer”></div>
	— id is an attribute specifying a unique style of an element which can only be once
		ex. <h1 id=“myHeader”>Sample Header</h1>

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	— by writing a period (.) character, followed by the name of the class.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	— by writing a star (*) character

    22. What is a parent-child selector? When would this be useful? 
	— parent-child is an element that are direct children of other elements
	— it is used to match the element to the specified parent element

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	— (???)

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	— is a selector used to define a special attribute or state of an element

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	— line-height:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	— letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	— text-transform: lowercase;
	— text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	— border-width: 1px;
	— border-style: dotted;
	— border-color: #000000
	
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	— on a PC (ctrl+A)
	— on a Mac (command+A)
	
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	— you start a comment with /*, and end it with */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in when I am using the command line? 
	— by typing ‘PWD’ which stands for the print working directory
	
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	— by typing ‘ls’ which stand for a list of directory

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	— by typing ‘rm’ which means to remove a file 
	— remember that it removes the file totally on your computer and cannot be retrieved

    34. Why should I use version control? 
	— it keeps track of every revision made from the document by every collaborator
	
    35. How often should I commit to Github?
	— every time you make a modification to your file
	
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to Github? 
	— git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	— Git Flow: Fork—>add TL—>Clone Repo—>open CLI —> type git clone (url) —>
			create branch —> work on repo —> type git add (to add repo changes)
			—> type git commit -m “message” —> type git push (upload to GitHub)

Stretch Questions:

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	— An inline element does not start on a new line and takes up only the necessary width.
	— A block element always starts on a new line and stretches out to the left and right

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
	— the final position is fixed by the values of top, bottom, right and left

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
	— by setting the margin and padding

    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are displayed inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	—???

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
	— HTML elements are like a box model with a precise characteristic or design where you can specify the width, border, margin, and padding.


-----------

May 6, 2020 - User Interface I Projects:

Code Pen Links:

1) UI I Project 1 - https://codepen.io/emfresh2o/pen/RwPQPwd
2) UI I Project 2 - https://codepen.io/emfresh2o/pen/dyodorb
3) UI I Project 2 STRECH - https://codepen.io/emfresh2o/pen/jObZxxm

User Interface I Lecture Summary Questions/Answer

1. Order the following selectors from GREATEST to LEAST specificity
     --- !Important
     --- ID
     --- Pseudo-Class
     --- Class
     --- Element
     --- Universal (*)

2. What type of style integration technique will Lambda School be focusing on of the 3 mentioned in the Training Kit?
Choose from one of the following and explain why:
    --- Externally linked

2a. Give one reason why you WOULDN’T use each of the other two style techniques listed
    --- Inline Style overwrites everything except by !important
    --- Embedded style tag are tightly paired to the page and not usable and may blocks content by some SEO or search engine optimization rank because you don't have to look on external files or link

3. What is “Semantic”, give a short answer explaining what it is:
   --- Semantic codes have meaning and easy identifiable

4. What is SEO? Why is it so important for websites?
    --- SEO means Search Engine Optimization and it is important for ranking websites especially for online business.  It generates targeted traffic.


