
Emily Adams.

CSS + HTML PRACTICE
I followed the exercise without looking at the answers at all, and then I repeated it a second time while copying the answers. I learned a bit about how I could have made mine differently (and better) in the first version. 
V1: https://codepen.io/ariannwyn/pen/abvEdEM
V2: https://codepen.io/ariannwyn/pen/rNOpxXb

REVIEW QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Semantic HTML is used strictly for creating order and meaning in the HTML and not for making it pretty.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	HTML is used to create structure within text on a web page.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	An attribute is a tag inside of the < > symbols that creates structure in the page.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	h1 creates a headline on the page and should be used only once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	<head> and <body>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	The head of an HTML document contains information about the page such as the title or links to a CSS document. 
    7. What is an id?
	An id is used to define an element that will only be utilized once within that page. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	You can add an id to selector elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	You should only use an id once on a page.
    10. What is a class? 
	A class allows you to define a section that will be used repeatedly on a page. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	You can add a class to selector elements.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	You can use a class multiple times on the same page.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	<a href="link"target="_blank">text</a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	This is used for SEO, adding a text description in case the image doesn't show, as well as allowing the browser to read the description to visually impaired users. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
	Within CSS you use #example to reference an id.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	Semantics. Technically a section allows you to organize your content topically, but most people just use div. 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	Styling your page to make it look pretty.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	In CSS you would simply write: h2 { style }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	The difference is in how often you might use the element within the page.
	You might use a class for a paragraph style you would like to continue repeating on the page.
	An id would be better suited for something you will only use once, like a header image section.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	You would use a period "."
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	"p.human"
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	A parent child selector is used to  select elements with a specific parent.
	An example of how this would be useful is if you would like to increase the font size of the upper items on a list but not the lower items.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	".sidebar a"
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	Psuedo-classes allow you to specify style without altering the HTML. An example of a pseudo selector is "link:hover"
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform: uppercase;
	text-transform: lowercase;
	text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div {
	border: 1px dotted black;
	}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	The Universal selector: "*" 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	"Ls" which stands for "list" 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	Ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	git rm fileName. You have to be careful because you could accidentally delete files you didn't mean to, or mess up the git project completely.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	In order to share projects with others as well as save progress.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	Whenever you want to save your progress.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	a. Fork OWN version of Repo 
	b. Student will add TL as a collaborator
	c. Clone Repo
	d. Create a branch (on which the student will implement the project) git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
	e. Submit their project into the new branch.
	f. Student will use their own student fork as the base (compare across forks).
	g. Student will add their TL as a reviewer on the PR
	h. TL then will count the HW as done by merging the HW back into master “STUDENT FORK”.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	An inline element goes inside a sentence and does not create a new paragraph. An example of this is adding a link with <a>
	A block element creates a new block. An example of this is a <p>
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
	It is positioned relative to its parent
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
	The "width" property in CSS
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	Display block: <p>, <h1>, <div>
	Display inline: <a> <span> 
	Display linline-block: <nav>
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
	










 