Link to Tuesday's Project
https://codepen.io/manolin923/pen/wvGvBPO?editors=1100
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        It is HTML that is treated as a language, with oders and rules.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        It is mostly used to write webpages, giving instructions to the web browser how to display content.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        attributes give meaning to html content. sort of like, adjectives, verbs, nouns, etc.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        H1 is the main interstate in Hawaii. In HTML, its a Heading, the first and most important. realisticaly you can have as many as you like, but you should really only use one.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
         scr and img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
          its metadata that is not displayed, such as document language.
    7. What is an id? 
            The id is a unique identifier for an attribute
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
             p, h, img, header, footer
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
             Once
    10. What is a class? 
            It is used to group multiple attributes to be formatted a certain way.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
          section, div
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
            As many times as you like, if theyre gonna have the same effects in CSS
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
         target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
            The alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed.
    15. How do I reference an id?
            #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
            Section is do devide a page by header, footer, chapter, etc,
            div is to devide blocks of things.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
            To decorate the plain HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
                select how? in css, you would just type h2{ }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
                you can use classes multiple times, where as id can only be used once.
                if you wanted the paragraphs trought the page to look a certain way, you might assign it a Class, that way you dont have to do the formatting for every single paragraph.
                Id, when you have a one-off of something.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
                how do we refrence classes? .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
                .human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
                in CSS, it is as the example above, .human p {} is the parent. what goes in the {} is the child
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebardf
    .sidebardf link
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
         pseudo selector is used to define a special state of an element, such as hover or active.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
                text-transform:
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
                div {border:dotted black 1px;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
                body{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        start  with /* , and end it with */ 
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
                $pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
                $ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        $git rm because its gone for good. no promt or anything
    34. Why should I use version control? 
                so you can keep track of changes, just in case you break something, you have a back up
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        whenever working on something new or implementing changes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
                git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
                fork, grab url, open git, go to the folder we wanna place it, git clone (paste URL), cd into what we cloned, git checkout -b name of branch, code ., then work,
                git add .  then git commit -m ""  git push -u origin ""
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        inline would be like <span> where you would want to have a diffrent color or size.
        block would be a div or class.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        i suspect the element is at the very top, thus over-riding every other change beneeth it.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
       display: inline-block me thinks or set the width to something but no the height.
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        Block: p, h, header, footer,  Inline <span>
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
        
