The link to this completed Codepen:

https://codepen.io/eaczechova/pen/oNNoKVv?editors=1100

The review questions with answers:

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML markup provides underlaying meaning to the web page, not just presentation. 
2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used to create markup of a web pages.
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is an additional value or information about HTML element. Attribute is put in the starting tag.
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 defines the most important HTML heading and should be used no more than once.   
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    <a> tag and <input> tag.
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    In the head of HTML document we put metadata such as <meta>, <title> or <link>.
7. What is an id?  
    ID is an attribuete of unique id/name.
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    It can be added to any HTML tag. 
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Only one ID of a specific name per page. 
10. What is a class? 
    HTML attribute that can be used on any HTML element. 
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    It can be added to any HTML tag.
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Same class can be used as many times as needed.
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    By adding target attribute of the value _blank
14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    An alt attribute is used for an alternate text for an image, so if the image cannot be displayed it provides alternative information or can be used 
    by screen reader.
15. How do I reference an id?
    By # symbol followed by id name.
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    We use section tag to wrap the content into section. Div tag has no semantic meaning and is used for presentation purpose like spliting the content without hurting the semantic structure.
17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheets and describes how HTML elements are to be displayed.
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    By element name h2 followed by pair of {}
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    IDs are only allowed to be used once per HTML page, while classes can be used number of times. 
    Use of IDs is very specific and should be implemented when a task cannot be accomplished using a class. 
    It is better to use ID when you only have one item that you need to target/style and use classes when group of items needs to be 
    accessed. 
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    By . symbol followed by class name.
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    By p.name 
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Parent > child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified parent element.
    Parent > child will only select child items that are direct children of an parent. It is useful when we want to prevent
    styling from cascading further down.
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    By .sidebar a
24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector defines the special state of an element.
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    We use line-height property with specified value; e.g. unitless values (then value is multiple by font-size value) or persentage
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    We use letter-spacing property with specified value.
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    We use text-transform property with uppercase, lowercase and capitalize value respectively.
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    We use border property of the valu of: 1px dotted black
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    By using unversal selecto *, also know as wild card selector.
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comment */
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd (Print Working Directory)
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    By typing ls command
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm file name . The file will be removed without waring and is not placed in a trash. 
34. Why should I use version control ? 
    A version control system will records changes to a file over time so that we can recall specific versions later.
35. How often should I commit to github?
    It is recommended to commit as often as possible, and if change is 'experimental' to create a branch and commit there.
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin master
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork -> Clone -> Create branch -> Add/Commit/Push -> Pull request

Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    A block element  starts on a new line and takes up the full width available, while inline element takes up as much width as necessary 
    and does not start on the new line.
2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    The element is removed from the normal document flow and is positioned to the closest relative element. 
3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    To set display property of the element to inline-block.
4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    Elements that are diplay block by default: div, ul, p
    Elements that are diplay inline by default: span, a
    Elements that are diplay inline-block by default: button, select
5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
    The box model is an design where every HTML element in a rectangular box that wraps around every element. Box-model consists of: margins, borders, 
    padding, and the actual content. To fix issues with box model box-sizing: border-box is used so an element with specified width and height 
    is not affected by padding or borders as they 'are included' in actual width or height.
