https://codepen.io/fidan-novruzova/pen/PoNvbvo?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic tags are those which has meaning(section,form,table and etc)
    2. What is HTML used for? Html used for marking a page.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attributes are src, alt, href. We put them near tags 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? H1 tag is header tag. we should use it once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes img ,a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? !doctype Html,title ,css-link, charset
    7. What is an id? It is additional atribute to identify tag
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any tags except br, i ,b ,strong
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? Class is also identifier which we can add to several tags
    11. What elements can I add a class to? almost all
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? several
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target= "_blanc"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? Alternative word if browser isn't able to open img
    15. How do I reference an id? #id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div Section is semantic tag
    17. What is CSS used for? design page 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one we use class if going to repeat it on page. Id is fully individual
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? for instance if we want add style for last elemnt of parent we can use selector:lastchild
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar a
    24. What is a pseudo selector? :before :after specific state that occurs before or after
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* comment*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? cd ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?  rm .Because it deletes everything without approval
    34. Why should I use version control? To work together on same project
    35. How often should I commit to github? almost everyday
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?  git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork ,clone ,cd to directory,branch ,add ,commit,push,pull

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? block element takes whole line
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? it takes exact position what we wrote not relying on other elements
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default blocks: p,body,div,section; inline: span,img inline-block:don't know really maybe a?
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 


