linked to finished codepen https://codepen.io/fwilliams0721/pen/YzNxjwy?editors=1100

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 its HTML that gives meaning to our markup
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    it's used to structure our website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes define additional characteristics or properties of the element such as width and height of an image.
     Attributes are always specified in the start tag (or opening tag) and usually consists of name/value pairs like name="value

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    he h1 is an HTML tag that indicates the most important heading on a website.
    You would only use it one time on a page

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
     The SRC tag has the required attribute img.
     
     The most important attribute of the <a> element is the href attribute
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    . The head section is denoted by an opening <head> tag and ended at the closing </head> tag. 

    7. What is an id? 
    The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element.
     The value of the id attribute must be unique within the HTML document. 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
     everything in the body (including body ) can have an id 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    1 time


    10. What is a class? 
    class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element. 
    The class attribute can be used on any HTML element. 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    The class attribute can be used on any HTML element.


    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
          There is no limit

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?    
    adding the target=”_blank” attribute. You should insert this after the link address.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    The ALT text adds a text description to an image on a Web page

    15. How do I reference an id?
    The syntax for id is: write a hash character (#), followed by an id name. 

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    <section> means that the content inside is grouped and should appear as a entry in an 
    outline of a page whereas <div> does not convey any meaning, aside from any found in its 
     class, lang and title attributes.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Cascading style sheets is the language for describing the presentation of Web pages, 
    including colors, layout, and fonts. 

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    in css we would specify h2 {} and add the styling elements inside the {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

    The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID is only used to identify one single element In
     our HTML. IDs are only used when one element on the page should have a particular style applied to it. 
     However, a class can be used to identify more than one HTML element.

     if i say <section class = "tree" I would style the class using .tree {} in css
     if i say <id="ball" i would call that id using #ball {} in css

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    use a . before the class we are selecting 

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

    p .human{}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    parent	Required. Specifies the parent element to be selected
    child	Required. Specifies the direct child element (of the specified parent element) to be selected

    I think it would be useful if wee are using an <ul>
    <li></li>
    </ul>

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

    Just have an anchor (a) tag within the DIV that links to the URL you want.

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

    A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, 
    e.g. they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

    line-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

text-tranform: Capitalize;
text-transform: lowercase;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

    border:10px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

      ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

    del /f filename
    (you can specify multiple files using commas)
    I would be careful not to specify the wrong filename(s)

    34. Why should I use version control? 
     Version control is important to keep 
     track of changes — and keep every team 
     member working off the latest version. 
     You should use version control software 
     for all code, files, and assets that multiple team members will collaborate on.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every time yuo creaete and test something new that works in your code, or 20 minutes, whichever comes first
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin master (mine would be francis-williams) is used for pushing local content to GitHub
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

    1. Create YOUR OWN version of Repo —> (Fork)
    2.  Clone your Repo using githubs 'Clone or download' button
    3. use the cd command to go to the directory where you are going to want to clone your forked Repo
    4. Use the git clone <link-to-repo> command to clone the repo to the directory you are currently in.
    5. cd into the newly created repo using the cd <repo-name> command
    6. Use the git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' command to create your own branch name for the repo 
    7. To add and commit changes on your branch you can do the following
    8. git add .  will add the repo changes and make them ready for committing
    9. git commit -m "Your helpful commit message here" will commit the changes with your specified commit message 
    10.Push your changes back up to your Github repo using
    11. git push -u origin branch-name will push all of your commits from your local machine up onto github
    12.Go back to your forked Project repo on github (make sure you are on YOUR FORKED copy NOT the original Lambda one)
    12a. Click on the Branch:master button on the left side
    13. Click your name-branch and then click the New pull request button to make a pull request on your name branch
    14. After you click new pull request it should redirect you to the pull request page
    15. DO NOT CLICK THE Create pull request BUTTON UNTIL AFTER YOU'VE COMPLETED THE NEXT STEP
    16. When you get to the Pull requestR page, make sure to click the dropdown button that says 
    base repository and CHANGE it to be your FORKED REPO instead of the original Lambda repo
    17. Click Create Pull Request
    

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    A block-level HTML element will always create a new line after the closing 
    tag (for example a div), whereas an inline HTML element will not (like a span)..
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    An absolutely positioned element no longer exists in the normal 
    document layout flow. Instead, it sits on its own layer separate from everything else.
     This is very useful: it means that we can create isolated UI features that don't interfere 
     with the layout of other elements on the page.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
    Default margins, borders and padding are all 0, so when you wrap a div around some text,
     there is no space between its edges and the text. div elements obey the box model strictly,
      while adding padding etc. to table cells can be interpreted a bit more loosely by browsers.
       Default widths for all block-level elements are 100%.  
        By setting the width to 100% it takes the whole width available of its parent.
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    Block elements
    1.  <aside>
    2. <address>
    3.<article>

    Inline elements
    1.<a>
    2.<button>
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

    the box model is composed of a margin, border, padding, and content. it contains the elements of 
    a webpage and can be styled by coding the parameters for each of those elements either in PX of % 

   -->