https://codepen.io/rickyklusmeier/pen/bGwzjVw?editors=1100

 1. What is Semantic HTML? HTML using tags that are for a certain type of information that will be inn that part

    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is used to put content on a webpage 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute is used to provide information for certain tags and it is put after the element.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? It is used for the largest and most important heading title. 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. Id and class

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Metadata is put in the head of an HTML document

    7. What is an id? An id is used to have a specific formatting and display for a section.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? You can add an id to any element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once

    10. What is a class? A class is like an ID and used for formatting and display using CSS.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? You can add a class to any element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As many times as you want

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? By settings the target to _blank

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? For screen readers or if the image cannot be seen.

    15. How do I reference an id? Using a #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?  A section is used 

    17. What is CSS used for? Formatting and customization

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2 {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one? A class is used for larger sections and when you want to use it more than once while an ID is used for a specific part that will be different and used once

    20. How do we select classes in CSS? With a .

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human p {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? This selector is used to specify an element under another parent element and is useful when you want to add styling to elements under a section but not the other parts of a page.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? #sidebar a:link {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector? For when a specific action occurs to an element such as hover or clicked

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? Line-spacing

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? Letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? Text-transform :uppercase :lowercase :capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? Div {
Border: 1 px dotted black;


    29. How do I select everything on the page? Body {}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* -- */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? Pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? Ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? Rm and because it will permanently delete that file

    34. Why should I use version control? To easily go back to a former version

    35. How often should I commit to github? Whenever you're done working on that section

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? Git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork repo
    git clone repo
    git checkout - b yourbranch
    touch yourfile
    git add .
    git commit -m 'description of what was changed'
    git push origin -u frederick-klusmeier

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

