Forked codepen https://codepen.io/SisterCyanide/pen/gOaYwwY

     1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Gives the page meaning not just presentation. 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Gives structure to the webpage. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Words used inside the opening tag to control the element's behavior.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The largest heading, used only once. Usually the page name.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img needs a source, a (anchor) needs a source
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    The header...
    7. What is an id? 
    one of the most specfic tags
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any element can contain an ID
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once, they are specific tags 
    10. What is a class? 
    not as specific as id, but more specific than a wildcard
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any element can contain a class, used for styling
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    as many times as you want but it will make it very difficult to style 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add target="_blank" attribute to the link
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    text for the image, for things like screen readers
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #id 
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section separates different defined sections a div is used mostly for spacing
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Styling the page (making it pretty/presentation)
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {} 
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    a class is specific but an id is more specific. a paragraph may be a class and a single sentence in that paragraph may have an id for highlighting. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    a child inherits all the traits of the parent and also has it's own traits. useful for paragraph sections and such
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A keyword added to a selector that lets you style a specific part of the selected element, like hover.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    uppercase, lowercase, capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: dotted black 1px;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    wildcard * 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd (print working directory)
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls 
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm  because it gives no warning and is permanent
    34. Why should I use version control?
    so you can back track in case you break the code 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 10-15 minutes or whenever there is a big change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork, clone, collaborate, copy clone address to terminal, add, committ, push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? 
    you can't put block elements inside inline elements, inline elements also don't cause a new line, block elements do. 
    
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    It's position is fixed. 
    
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
