


https://codepen.io/Furnowest/pen/KKpMwQN?editors=1100

hello first commit


    1. What is Semantic HTML? Introduce meaning to the web page.
    2. What is HTML used for? Create electronic documnets.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? provides additional information about the HTML elements.
       It comes in name/value pairs.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? h1 tag is used for header 1 and it can be used 6 times. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes <input> and <select>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? link, title, style.
    7. What is an id? id is unique attribute used to style on css. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? all HTML elemnts that you like to style on css.the value must be unique. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once.
    10. What is a class? is attribute used to define equal style with the same class
    11. What elements can I add a class to? you can add a class to div
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? once
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? setting a tartget="blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? Altrante a text for an image. 
    15. How do I reference an id? #hashtag
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div section is headers, footerof any section of the documents. Div is division used to group blocks.
    17. What is CSS used for? to style
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? . with dot
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? to match all elements whitch are child of a spescified elememts.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? used to define a special state of an element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?with line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?padding 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text formation
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border 1px dotted black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? <body>
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?<!....>
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? git rm because it permently removes it.
    34. Why should I use version control? Helps with team works so all can add indvidual changes,
    35. How often should I commit to github? when you are done and its ready.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? clone
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? Block alwyas starte in a new line and takes uo the full width available.
     inline doesnt start ina new line and only takes as much width as necessary.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
