https://codepen.io/gchilson34/pen/qBRVYYa?editors=1100
    1. What is Semantic HTML? HTML that gives meaning to the web page, not just presentation
    2. What is HTML used for? To create webpages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? A property that can extend the capability of a HTML element. Before the > on a start tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The main header of a webpage. Once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. Input and Textarea
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Metadata about the HTML document. It is not displayed
    7. What is an id? A tag for a unique HTML element. Points to a specific style declaration. Can only be used for one HTML element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Semantic elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once per HTML document
    10. What is a class? Similar to an id tag, but can be used multiple times in an HTML document
    11. What elements can I add a class to? semantic elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? Multiple times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? window open(insert url)
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? Specifies an alternate text for an image if the image can't be displayed
    15. How do I reference an id? Quotations in the styling page
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div. Section is a semantic element, while div is not
    17. What is CSS used for? Styling HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page: h2 {} in CSS document
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one: id can only be used once, Class can be used multiple times.ID >
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? Must first designate class in HTML. Then .(insert class name) in CSS
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? Selects all elements that are a direct child of specified element. When selecting all span elements tha>
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector? Used to define a special state of an element i.e. hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? Text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div { border-style: dotted; border-width: 1px; }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls -al
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm "file" you can delete all files or important files you didnt want to delete
    34. Why should I use version control? helps to automate testing, code analysis, and deployment when new versions are saved
    35. How often should I commit to github? Once the project is finished, once
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Fork it, clone it, make a new branch, add changes, commit changes, merge branches,push back to github
