Codepen link: https://codepen.io/ganell-t/pen/abNeOMw

1. What is Semantic HTML? 

Tags that have meaning

2. What is HTML used for? 

Used for web development

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

Special flag we use when we don't want to render information on the page; inside of tags

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

Header tag, largest and can only be used once on the page

5. Name two tags that have required attributes

a (href) img (src)

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

Link to an external css style file 

7. What is an id? 

Titles that can only be assigned to a single element

8. What elements can I add an id to? 

p, div, h, body

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

once

10. What is a class? 

Titles that can be assigned to multiple elements

11. What elements can I add a class to? 

any HTML element

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

no limit

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

target="_blank"

14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 

Specifies an alternate text for the image (screen readers, etc.)

15. How do I reference an id?

#idname

16. What is the difference between a section and a div

a section is a grouping of similar content; 
a div is just a generic container

17. What is CSS used for? 

to format and style a webpage

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

element {}    example: h2 {}
  

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

An ID can only be used to represent 1 element, while a class can be used to identify multiple
You could apply an ID to something like h1, which will only have that style; You can apply a class to different paragraphs to make them have the same formatting.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?

.class {}

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

p.human {}

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

> selects the specified child element in the parent element; 

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

div > a.sidebar {}

24. What is a pseudo selector?

Used to define a special state of an element...such as when it is moused over

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

line-height

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

letter-spacing 

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

text-transform: uppercase;   text-transform: lowercase;   text-transform: capitalize;

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

div {border style: dotted black;}

29. How do I select everything on the page? 

* {}

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

/* comment */

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

pwd

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

ls 

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

rm - no confirmation and cannot be undone

34. Why should I use version control? 

Helps track changes and prevent conflicts

35. How often should I commit to github?

Whenever you make a change.

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

git push -u origin branch-Name

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

    - Fork the repo (verify name now in front of repo)
    - Clone the repo using Code button
    - Make sure link has your name, copy link
    - In Terminal, cd to dir where you are wanting to work
    - Use git clone linktorepo to clone to dir
    - CD to new repo
    - Create own branch git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'
    - Use code . to open in VSC
    - Work code/changes/etc.
    - git add . to add changes
    - git commit -m 'comment' commit the changes
    - Push changes back to repo git push -u origin branch-name
    - Back on github, make sure you're on your forked copy (branch master dropdown)
    - CLick New Pull Request
    - Click Base Repository and change to your forked repo
    - Click Create Pull Request 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
