 
    codepen link: https://codepen.io/garinmc1/pen/rNWQyVJ?editors=1100
 
 
    1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic HTML is the markup of a webpage, its for meaning not presentation.
    2. What is HTML used for? setting up the structure of a web page.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? attributes are element modifiers ex: <p class="class is the attribute">
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? first heading, only use it once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. anchor tags and img tags
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? title
    7. What is an id? an attribute that specifies a unique id for an element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any elements.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once.
    10. What is a class? like an id but same name can be used multiple times and is utilized by javascript
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? set the target attribute to _blank.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? if the image doesnt load
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? things in a section are grouped while not always the case in divs.
    17. What is CSS used for? styling your web page.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{} in your style sheet.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one class="widget" class="widget" id="comment_209" id's are specific and unique.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .className
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?  selects all elements that are a direct child in a specified element. for specific parts of divs for example.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? give them all the same class name.
    24. What is a pseudo selector? its like the hover or visited state of an element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height property.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing property
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? uppercase, lowercase, capitalize properties.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px black dotted.
    29. How do I select everything on the page? ctrl + A
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?  -d name. it deletes from local and repository.
    34. Why should I use version control? so that you will always have a working version/ something to revert back to.
    35. How often should I commit to github? very often
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 1. create fork 2. clone repo 3. use cd to navigate to correct directory
    4. use git clone <repo-link> 5. cd into new repo 6. use git checkout to make new branch 
    6.work on it 7. add commits using git add. and -m for message 8.push your commits 9. submit pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? block starts new line, inline doesnt. block takes up as much room as possible inline does not.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? its positioned relatively to the ancestor element
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
