Codepen link:
https://codepen.io/gaston626/pen/yLXGZxa?editors=1000

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Html used to clearly mark what we're doing
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    to describe the structure of the page
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    an attribute is used to name an html element and goes before the class name
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 should only be used once, on the header of a page
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and anchor tags require attributes
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    header
    7. What is an id? 
    a unique name for an html element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    All html elements can have an ID, so long as it is unique to that element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    only once
    10. What is a class? 
    a term used to define an html element for css or js mark up
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    unlimited
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    adding an anchor tag with a href element
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    to label or caption the image for the user
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #IDNAME
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section's are more specific, whereas div's are a more general divider
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    sylizing html
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    in css code: h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    class can be used for multiple elements, such as paragraphs. ID should be used when it is specific to only one of those paragraphs
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .classname {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Used to select elements with a specific parent, parent child selectors allow you to be more specific
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    used to select elements in a certain state e.g.: hover state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    the 'line-height' property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    the 'letter-spacing' property
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    uppercase, lowercase, capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border:1px;
        border-color: black;
        border-style: dotted;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    body
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* Comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    'rm' - doesn't check to make sure you want to delete
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    it allows you to revert back to previous versions of code
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every time it is changed
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork
    Clone
    Create branch
    Open in VS
    add changes
    commit
    push
    Compare and pull
    submit URL


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    block elements cause a line break to occur, inline elements do not force a new line
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    it is taken out of the flow. other elements are positioned as if it wasn't there
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    margin: auto;
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    div, p, h1
    span, img
    container
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    From center to exterior the box is:
    Content
    Padding
    border
    margin

    by setting borders or padding in css, we can create space for each element


    
