    1. What is Semantic HTML? 

    It's HTML that introduces meaning to the web page rather than just presentation.

    2. What is HTML used for? 

    It's used to nstructure a web page and it's content.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?

    Attributes are a modifier of an HTML element and it's added to the HTML start tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

    It's used for the main heading and you can use it once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

    intput tag and select

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?

    In the head you put information that includes meta, links and title.

    7. What is an id? 

    It's a unique selector of an HTML element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

    In HTML5, id attributes can be used by any HTML tag.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

    Youb can use it multiple times.

    10. What is a class? 

    Class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to?

    The class attribute can be used on any HTML element.


    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?

    You can use the same class on a page as many times as you want. 


    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

    You use attribute target and set it to _blank.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 

    It specifies the an alternative text for an image.


    15. How do I reference an id?

    You reference an id with an hash tag.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

    Section tag means that content inside relates to a single theme whereas div tag is used as a block part of a webpage and convey any particular meaning.

    17. What is CSS used for? 

    CSS is used for styling the webpage

    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

    You have to write the name of the element eg h2

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

    The only difference between them is that id is unique in a page and can only apply to at most one element while class selector can apply to multiple elements.
    Example: <p id= " "> <div class= " ">

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

    We select classes in HTML using the dot period (.)

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

    You can select it using p.class name

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?

     Selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
     This is useful when you want to target a child element in that parent element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

    .name of class a:link

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

    A pseudo-class is used to define a special state of an element.

    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?

    The line-height property is used to specify the space between lines.
     
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

    The letter-spacing property is used to specify the space between the characters in a text.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?


    Text-transform- controls the capitalization of text 

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

    div {
        boader: 1px dotted black
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page?

     You use the Asterisk symbol (*) to select everything on the page

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

    /* */ to write comment in CSS

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?

    You find out through using pwd command

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

    You use the ls command

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?

    The rm or del and write the file name command allows you to remove (or delete) files.
    You have to be careful though because once you delete you loose everything and cannot be recovered.

    34. Why should I use version control?

    Version control software keeps track of every modification to the code in a special kind of database

    35. How often should I commit to github?

    You should commit after you've made some progress on the project you are working on

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

    The gitpush command

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.

    cd desktop
    cd prefered folder
    git clone
    cd into cloned repo
    code .
    git checkout -b name of branch
    git add .
    git commit -m ''
    git push



Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

    A block-level element occupies the entire space of its parent element (container), thereby creating a "block."

    Inline elements are those which only occupy the space bounded by the tags defining the element, instead of breaking the flow of the content.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

    The absolutely positioned element will position itself relative to the nearest positioned parent


    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    Set the width to 100% and set the height to auto

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

    Three elements display block by default are div, p and section
    Two elements display inline by default are span and strong
    One element display inline-block  by default is button

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

    Box model is essentially a box that wraps around every HTML element.
    Fix for box model is when you set box sizing to boarder box.