https://codepen.io/cookiecrumbapp/pen/MWwawEg

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
			It is used to create elements in the DOM or structure of the web page.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
			It is used to create web pages and applications in the browser.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
			you place attrributes on anything that has needs extra information. Anchor tags and link tags to be more specific.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
			Once on a page to indicate the most important headline on page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
			Link tag and anchor tag.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
			style tags are placed in head of html.

    7. What is an id? 
			used to define specific elements in HTML DOM. are added with id="name".

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
			You can add ID elements to any DOM element tag.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
			you can only use the same ID once on a page.

    10. What is a class? 
			A class is a defined style added to an HTML DOM element indicated with class='stylename'

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
			you can add a class to any tag element on the HTML DOM.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
			You can use the same class name as many times as you want.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
			set the target t0 target='_blank'

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
			used to set default text for content that could not load.

    15. How do I reference an id?
			in javascript its: var el = document.getElementById('#elementname'); or in CSS its: #elementname{}

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
			section is used to define sections of your page where div is used to box in content
 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
			it is used to style to style individual components or the whole page.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
			h2 {..code} you slect every element by its name or body tag for whole doc.
			
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
			class is defined: class='classname' and ID is defined: id='idname'. when you only use element once then ID else class.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
			.classname{}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
		p.human{}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
		&classname. It will be useful when there is high repetition of class names.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
		div li .sidebar{]

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
		a:hover {
  color: #FF00FF;
}

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
		line-height: 1.5;

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
		letter-spacing: 2px;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
		text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
		border: 1px black dotted;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
		* {}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
		/*    */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
		pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
		ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
		rm filename

    34. Why should I use version control? 
		proper file history and management.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
		git commit -m "message"

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	fork project
	clone project
	git branch gerald-hawk
	git checkout gerald-hawk
	git status
	Edit file
	git add .
	git commit -m "message"
	git push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
 inline, the major difference is that inline-block allows to set a width and height on the element.
 Also, with display: inline, top and bottom margins & paddings are not respected, and with display: inline-block they are.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
		Its position doesnt change.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
		display: flex;

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
				

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 

