link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/magoha01/pen/PoKmpbK?editors=1100

Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML are elements that define their content.

    2. What is HTML used for?
        HTML provides web pages with structure.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
        An attribute provides additional info/modifications to an element. They go in the start tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? 
         An h1 tag is the most important header on the page, usually reserved for business name. They should only be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        An image tag and a url.


    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        The head is where you put the title/other non-visual items.

    7. What is an id? 
    An id is an html element that provides a unique id for an element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        any

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? one

    10. What is a class? a class is an attribute created so you can style all elements within a page at once.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Any.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many as you want.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? 
        target =_blank

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        Accessibility/descriptive text if image link fails.

    15. How do I reference an id? 
        With a hastag(#)

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        A section is semantic, a div is for styling.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Styling

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page 
        h2 {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class can be used to style multiple elements, whereas an id is unique for one element. 
        An example of when you would use an id for your h1 header(as you only use it once per page), whereas you would use class to style all your paragraphs.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .class {}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
        A parent child selector  

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase, lowercase, capitals


    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
       div {
           border: 1px, dotted, black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
         *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? 
        /* comment */


    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
        rm filename. You need to be careful because it is permanent!

    34. Why should I use version control?
        You should use version control as a safetyguard from bugs if there are any new changes to the file.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Every 20 minutes or when a major, or when you complete a major feature.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin branch name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        git add ., git commit -m 'comment', git push, git push.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        A block level element always starts a new line, an inline element doesnot.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        An element that is positioned absolutely is immovable from where it is placed.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
        margin: auto;

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    Display block: p, h(1-), div, article
    display inline: span, anchor
    display inline-block: img

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
        A box model refers to a box that surrounds every HTML element. The box model includes borders, margins, content, and padding.