Completed codepen:
https://codepen.io/hans0/pen/xxEGoej?editors=1100


1. What is Semantic HTML?
Semantic HTML describes its meaning to both the browser and the developer, with no ambiguity or explanation required.

2. What is HTML used for?
HTML is used to add mark-up to a page displayed in a web-browser. It is also used in conjunction with CSS and Javascript to make it look nicer and add interactivity respectively.

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
An attribute in HTML is when we want to put additional information to an HTML element.

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
The h1 tag is used to increase the font-size and delineate a primary header. You should use it only once. 

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
Both the a/anchor tag and the img tag have required attributes (href and src respectively).

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
We put metadata, the website title, any CSS or a link to a CSS file, and any Javascript or links to Javascript files.

7. What is an id?
An id in HTML is a way to label and refer to unique elements in our HTML.

8. What elements can I add an id to?
Any elements.

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
No more than once.

10. What is a class?
A class in HTML is a way to label an element in a way that CSS and Javascript may refer to it.

11. What elements can I add a class to? 
You can add an HTML element to all classes.

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
You can use the same class on a page as many times as you want.

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
You can get your link to open in a new tab by adding the target="_blank" attribute.

14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
The alt attribute is used to describe the photo for users who have sight issues and search engines.

15. How do I reference an id?
You reference an id with a # (octothorpe/hashtag symbol)

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
A div is a generic container element, while a section should include a heading.

17. What is CSS used for? 
CSS is used to make websites interactive and aesthetically pleasing.

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2 {
}

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
An id is used to identify only one element. You would use it if you wanted to get a specific element. 
A class is used to identify a group of elements. You would use it to ensure formatting.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
We select classes in CSS with a '.'

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human {
}

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
A parent child selector is used to select every element of a specific type within a parent element. When you want to differentiate between something like the styling for a p element in one div versus a p element in another div.

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div.sidebar a {
}

24. What is a pseudo selector?
A pseudo selector is used to define a special state of an element.

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform:uppercase
text-transform:lowercase
text-transform:capitalize

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div.mydiv {
border: 1px dotted #ffffff;
}

29. How do I select everything on the page? 
* {
}

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/*
COMMENT GOES HERE
*/

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
ls -al

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm [FILE]
You should be careful because there are no take-backs. Do not go into Recycle Bin. Do not collect $200.

34. Why should I use version control? 
So everyone can contribute at the same time. Because you will break things and might want to go back while you fix it.

35. How often should I commit to github?
After every significant addition and/or every 20 minutes.

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push [my-branch] [remote-branch]
git push hans-kiessler master
git push hans-kiessler main

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
fork -> clone -> add -> commit with message -> add remote origin -> pull to avoid merge conflicts -> push


Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
A block element will always include a new line. (div, p, ul)
An inline element will not. (span, img, label)

2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
It stays in the same position, no matter what happens to the window containing it. Not recommended due to the different sizes through which people take in websites.

3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
flex-basis has options for auto and to put in a width

4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default


5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 


