	https://codepen.io/hryman13/pen/NWGPaxR
	1. What is Semantic HTML? 
		It is computer language that makes it possible for the website to be read by the computer so we can view it.
	2. What is HTML used for? 
		HTML is used for a number of things from blog posting to website design and more.
   	3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
		Attributes are characteristics and/or properties of the elements such as width and height of an image. We put them in the quotation marks. 
   	4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
		h1 tag is used for Main Headers and they are usually only used once per page.
   	5. Name two tags that have required attributes
		Images and Links
   	6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
		<html>
   	7. What is an id? 
		The id is most used to point to a style in a style sheet and can't be overwritten in CSS. They can only be used once per page.
   	8. What elements can I add an id to? 
		Pretty much any save for <base>, <head>, <html>, <meta>, <param>, <script>, <style>, and <title> tag
  	9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
		Once per page.
   	10. What is a class? 
		Class is an attribute which specifies one or more items within the HTML.
   	11. What elements can I add a class to? 
		The class attribute can be used on any HTML element.
   	12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
		as often as you like.
   	13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
		just add a target="_blank" attribute to your links
   	14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
		The required alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed
   	15. How do I reference an id?
		<href="">
   	16. What is the difference between a section and a div
		section can be used on paragraphs and div is used as a division of an area.
   	17. What is CSS used for? 
		CSS is used for styling the website 
   	18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
		h2{

		}
   	19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
		class is identified with a . for example .first section
		id is used identifed with # for example #first section
   	20. How do we select classes in CSS?
		.class
   	21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
		.human p
   	22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
		The partent/child selector allows you to select one child in a group of parent/child coding groups and add style to that child that would be different from the others in the same grouping.
		this would be useful when you are working on someone elses work and you are adding a new feature to the site.
   	23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
		div .sidebar it should then select all the links with in that div
   	24. What is a pseudo selector?
		A pseudo-clas is a word added to a selector that adds and extra element of design to it, such as hover. 
   	25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
		
   	26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
		
   	27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
		
   	28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
		
   	29. How do I select everything on the page? 
		
   	30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
		
   	31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
 		
   	32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
		
   	33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
		
   	34. Why should I use version control? 
		
   	35. How often should I commit to github?
		
   	36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
		
   	37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
		

Stretch Questions

   	1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
		
   	2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
		
   	3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
		
   	4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
		
   	5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
		