
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 

1.A: The organization and reinforcment of the information on a web page.

    2. What is HTML used for? 

2.A: To organize the content on a web page.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
 
3.A: Attributes provide additional information about a particular element. Attributes are placed in the opening tag.  

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

4.A: The H1 tag specifies the most important title on a web page and should noly be used once per page. 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

5.A: The anchor (a) tag and Image (img) tag.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

6.A: Content that is relevant to the structure of the webpage but shuold not be displayed.

    7. What is an id? 

7.A: An attribute that sepcifes an HTML element so that it may be styled using css.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

8.A: Any elementthat needs to be specifically targetd by the attached css. 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

9.A: Best practice is using an ID once on a page.

    10. What is a class? 

10.A: A class is a template for objects, discribing the objects it belongs to.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

11.A: Any element that can and should be targetd by the CSS.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

12.A: No limit but best practice is to minimize the ammpount used. 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

13.A: By inserting the target="_blank" atibute after the link.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 

14.A: Specifies an alternate text for an Image. Primarily used for screen readers. 

    15. How do I reference an id?

15.A: by using a pound symbol (#) and targeting the particular ID.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

16.A: "Section" implies that the content inside is grouped and div is  more generic and non specific which doesn't define a section of HTML. 

    17. What is CSS used for? 

17.A: CSS styles the HTML of a webpage.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

18.A: By typing the element followed by currly brackets. H2 { }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

19.A: An ID is used to identify one element and a class is used to target groups. 
     ID: #H2
    Class: .p

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

20.A: Classes are selected by a period immediately preceding the class name. 
    Ex. .p

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

21.A:  .human {

}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

22.A: A parent child selector allows all subsequent elements under a parent to be dicated by said parent element. It's useful when large groups of content such as paragraphs all have the same styling or needs to be styled by a parent. 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

23.A: #div.sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

24.A: Selects elements in a specific state. 

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

25. Using a "break" in HTML or line-height property in CSS.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

26.A: By using the letter-spcaing property. 

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

27.A: test-transform: 
  uppercase
  lowercase
  capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

28.A: #div {
    border: 1px dotted black
}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

29.A: A universal selector *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

30.A: /* Like this  */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

31.A: The "whereami" command

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

32.A: By using the "dir" command.

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

33.A: the "rm -i 'filename'" command.
  You could inadvertantly permanently delete important documents, content, or the operation system.

    34. Why should I use version control? 

34.A: Itm keeps track of changes.

    35. How often should I commit to github?

35.A: Whenever substantial progress is made that doesn't negatively alter the work of others. 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

36.A: $~ git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
  - Go to the project on github.
  - Fork the project.
  - Copy the URL.
  - Open the terminal.
  - CD into the directory.
  - Git Clone (Use the copied URL)
  - CD into your project.
  - Git checkout -b "firstname-lastname".
  - Git code (This opens VS code).
  - Do the work.
  - Make sure to save your work.
  - Git add
  - Git commit -m "Add comment message"
  - Git push -u origin "firstname-lastname".

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

1.A: A block element creates a new line after the cl;osing tag and an inline element doesn't.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

2.A: It ceases to exist in the normal document layout flow and sits on its own layer. 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

3.A: Set the padding to zero bout set a margin to change the width horizontally. 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

4.A: 
    Display Block: Article, Caption, Canvas.
    Inline: acronym, button, cite.
    Inline-block: Span, Text-area, Time.

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

5.A: The box model displays how a webpage consistingn of HTMl is composed. We use margin properties to make the elements respect the boundries of the box model and create a seamless presentation. 


