
https://codepen.io/embiggenerd/pen/qBBPZrR

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Tags that organize data into a dom
2. What is HTML used for? 
    Creating the DOM, organizing content.
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is a property of a node object, and you can set them with 'data-test-id="login-input"' inside of a tag.
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    To signify most important test data, and once.
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Input, Img
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Title, meta data for search engines && view port stuff
7. What is an id? 
    ID is an attribute used for styling and scrolling to content.
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any element.
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once.
10. What is a class?
    Classes are used to style many components per class. 
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    All of them.
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    Infinite 
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Target = _blank
14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    Text in place of image, for sight impared.
15. How do I reference an id?
    #
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Sections contain related content, div is just for styling.
17. What is CSS used for? 
    Styling
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    by tag, relationship to parent, class, or id
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    ID should be used for a unique element, like the header of an about section, and a class can be used for    
    styling many elements, for instance all delete buttons should have a class 'warning' which makes the 
    text red.
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    dot
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Select the lis of a ul.
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div li.sidebar
24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A selector which works under certain conditions
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line height, margin, padding
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*comment*/
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm, you might get fired
34. Why should I use version control? 
    organization, work flow
35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every significant change
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push 
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork, add tl as colab, create branch, submit pr to new branch, add tl as reviewer on pr, 
    merge to student fork


Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    No new line after element, exists within the flow of the other elements. Block has all margins, inline block has top and bottom
2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    Out of the flow of the other elements
3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    Padding margin.
4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    div, address, article. a, span
5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
    margin > border > padding > element
    box-sizing: border-box fixes the padding and width problem