<!-- reveiw questions to Submit in today's file firt-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

CODE PEN LINK https://codepen.io/AspDev/pen/zYxxzPZ?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 

    Semantic HTML gives meaning to an HTML document. 

    2. What is HTML used for? 

    HTML is used to give the content of a web page.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

    An attribute provides further functionality to an HTML tag, and it is placed in the opening tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

    The H1 is a semantic tag used for the most important information on the web page. It should only be used once. 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

    The A tag has an href attribute, and the IMG tag has source attribute. 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

    Meta data and other information about the web page, which is to be known only by the browser. 

    7. What is an id? 

    An ID is used once on an HTML tag, primarily for inner page navigation. 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

    Any element can have an ID attribute. 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

    Convention says one time. 

    10. What is a class? 

    A class is similar to an ID, but is primarily used for CSS styling of the HTML page. 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

    Any element can hold a class attribute. 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

    Multiple times, as many as necessary.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

    target="_blank" attribute.

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 

    It provides information regarding an image that is broken and cannot be rendered. 

    15. How do I reference an id?

    # symbol

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

    Section is a semantic tag, and div is a presentational tag.

    17. What is CSS used for? 

    Used to provide styling to a web page. 

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

    h2

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

    A class can be applied to multiple elements. If you wanted to style various elements in similar ways,
    you could apply the same class title to the relevent html elements. An ID should only be used once.
    It is primarily used to navigate within the web page, but can be used by css to apply a style to only
    that one element.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

    .class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

    p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

    A parent child selector is used to select elements with a specific parent. It would be useful in cases where
    you need to target specific parent/child relationships via css while not affecting others.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

    a div.sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

    A pseudo selector is used to style an element within a given state, such as hover or mouseover. 

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

    line height css property.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

    letter-spacing css property.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

    text transform css property.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

    div {border: 1px dotted black;}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

    * {background-color: purple;}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

    /* comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

    ls

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

    $ rm <file>. I should be careful because removing via the command line is an action that cannot be undone. 

    34. Why should I use version control? 

    To be able to re-visit past versions of code. This is useful for troubleshooting in case the current code has bugs. 

    35. How often should I commit to github?

    regularly, especially when a new change/feature has been coded. 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

    git push --set-upstream origin <file>

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

    fork the repo
    clone the repo via the link
    add TL as collaborator
    clone the repo via $ git clone <url>
    create a separate branch $ git checkout -b "Firstname-Lastname"
    Add changes via $ git add .
    commit via $ git commit -m "message for commit"
    push committed branch to github via $ git push --set-upstream origin Firstname-Lastname
    create a pull request in github
    place pull request link in airtable report.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

    An inline element only takes up the space needed for it's content, whereas a block element takes up the entire
    width of its space, pushing other occupying elements to a new line. 

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    Use the inline-block property.

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

    div, p, h1 = block
    span, button = inline
    input = inline-block


    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 

    The CSS box model places html content within a box, giving it properties such as margin, border, and padding.

   --> 