1. What is Semantic HTML? 
the way you name the elements allows it easier to understand what that element is about.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    making and organizing text on a webpage. You can add some decorations w/ html as well.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    it gives additional info about the element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    it is labeling the most important header on the page. it should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    anchor and image tags
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    meta tags and files linking to stylesheets
    7. What is an id? 
    it specifies a unique id for an element
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    header 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? way to identify an element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many as you would like
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    a{
    target-name: new;
    target-name: tab;
    }
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    is specifies the path to the image
    15. How do I reference an id?
    id=
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    div isn't semantic it doesn't define anything except identify its class
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    decorating the page, adding control to sizing/margins/layout
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{...}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id your pointing out the most important - telling the browser what to show whereas class is helping you to group stylings in css 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    you make them up
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    it groups elements related. you can apply formatting to the child of a parent 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    <div class="sidebar">.....</div>
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    used in css with a colon preceding them (like hover)
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
          border-style: dotted;
  border-width: 1px;
  border-color: black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    body
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*.......*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm because it doesn't go to the trash bin it permanently deletes the file.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    It gives you the full history in one concise location
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    as often as you need
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. I can't get it to work as of now... still trying to figure it out.