 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for? The fundimentals: text, images, headers, and some sizing.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? It is the word/phrase in between <> to tell the upcoming text what to do
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? ONLY ONCE. It should be your top title.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes class, id
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? it is the title that display's on the browser. So whatever text you want to display there
    7. What is an id? it is a way to specify a certain segment/line of code and it will always be true.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? div, section, almost everything. I'm not sure what you couldn't add it to yet. From what it seems like, almost every HTML tag
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? you should only use them once
    10. What is a class? it is a group of code that can be classified into seperate classes. Ex: 'first section would be class="first section"'
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Same as ID, almost everything that I'm aware of.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many as you'd like. just to help group things!
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? specifies an alternate text for an image
    15. How do I reference an id? with a hashtag #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? div is to make groups and is applicable in all code languages, that we will be learning, and section is an html specific to split up parts of code.
    17. What is CSS used for? styling and repositioning mainly.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. in your css tab/section you just type h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. I kind of did earlier, essentially you only want to ID things that will always be correlated if you are using multiple, which isnt reccomend, and class is for things that do correlate but can be adjusted accordingly.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? with a period beforehand. EX: .header {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? elements that are not directly correltaed with the parent code. an example would be selecting text inside of a section/div.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? a keyword added to a selector
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? css
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? p.dotted {border-style: dotted; border-wieght: 1px;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? ctrl + a
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? <!-- this is how -->
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? the left hand side has the numeric order for you
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls - list show
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm -r and because you can delete your entire computers directory if not careful
    34. Why should I use version control? not sure what version control is tbh.
    35. How often should I commit to github? once completed/stopping for the time being. its basically a save.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin jacob-bevans 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork, clone, branch to make sure youre the master, apply git to your branch, open the code, add then commit, push then make a pull request.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? block is a group generally and inline is a specific generally
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? it wont move and will always be absolute
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? by specifying the border/margins.
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default. part 1.) div, section, class. part 2.) h2, p. part 3.) id
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? I still need help with this, very willing to have a 1 on 1 as well



   --> https://codepen.io/jbev/pen/xxEVgXV