 
 https://codepen.io/JamesSTJames/pen/dyGmgNW?editors=1100
 
 1. What is Semantic HTML? It is a markup language for browser and developer.
    2. What is HTML used for? Its used to determine the structure of the web page. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute specifies the element.In the opening tag.  
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? most important information that should be displayed only once. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: img and links
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <header>
    7. What is an id? identifier 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any elements 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? only once 
    10. What is a class? a group of identified elements 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many times as you would like 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? _blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? descriptor 
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? a div is non semantic, more for styling 
    17. What is CSS used for? decorating your HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. A good example of a class would be if you had multiple images on the same page and wanted them all to be the same dimensions. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .___
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? A parent child selector is used in nesting. It 'nests' the child code into the parent code. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div links .sidebar {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? something like 'hover' that changes with viewer interaction. 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line:spacing:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?  letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform:
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div {border: black solid 1px}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? ---comment----
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? cd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm, it will permanenetly delete without warning. 
    34. Why should I use version control? ease of use and backs up all of your work.
    35. How often should I commit to github? As frequently as possible. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?  git push command
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    -fork your own version of assignment 
    -add collaborators 
    -clone repo 
    -create a branch
    -create pull request on gitbub 


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? Inline elements only occupy the space within the element. Block elements can overlap.  
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? element who position is fixed by various properties. 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    -button, select, textarea
    -paragraph, header 
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    -The box model is essentially a wrapper on every element that includes margin, border, padding, and content. The fix to having these work together is doing the math out and having a general layout before starting to code.  


   --> 