Codepen: https://codepen.io/jamesabailey99/pen/eYJMjxV


1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	It's the structure of webpages.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	An attribute is something you use to distinguish between two parts of HTML
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	The main header, and really only once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	img, href
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	links to external docs, etc
    7. What is an id? 
	an identifier of a pice of html that can only be used once
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	anything
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	once
    10. What is a class? 
	an identifier of html that can be used multiple times
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	as many as you'd like
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	use target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	give descriptive text for screen readers etc.
    15. How do I reference an id?
	in CSS it's a #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	Section is more semantic :)
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	Styling HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	Class can be use multiple times, ID only once. So class - you might have a product_images class, where as ID would be main_product_pic (or something like that)
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	. {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p .human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	you use > to be very specific about which element you're styling
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	.sidebar a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	You use it to select hovers, etc.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height: ;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-decoration;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div {1px dotted black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	* {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm -rf, and because you can't get it back
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	working with other people, and if you introduce bugs you can roll back to a prior version
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	as often as you want to save :)
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push origin main (almost said master)
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	fork, clone, create branch, make changes, git add ., git commit -am "add some stuff", push up, create PR, assign PR to TL

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	inline is text-like, 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
	It's oriented relative to the screen not relative to other elements
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
	use padding
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	block: div, section, image. Inline: p? Span? Inline-block: I actually don't know
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
	margin: 0 auto;