https://codepen.io/sonicskies/pen/yLyqeNe


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 

        Semantic HTML is using code for its intended purpose (i.e. section, div, p, etc.)
        It's a common way of doing things so anyone can work on the code and understand it.

    2. What is HTML used for? 

        HTML is used for structuring webpages. It explains structure in a way the computer can understand.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

        Attributes provide additional info about HTML elements and are included in the opening tag of an element.
        (ie. a href and src tags)

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

        H1 tag is a heading tag and tells search engines that it is the most important title on the page. In good practice
        it should only be used once per page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

        a href and img src

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

        <head>
        The head can contain metadata, page title, base, etc.
        </head>

    7. What is an id?

        An ID is used as a unique ID for an HTML element. ID's are typically used for linking and/or styling elements. You can also use them 
        with JS via the HTML DOM to manipulate the element with that specific ID. ID's can be assiged to all html elements.


    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

        All HTML elements can have ID's

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

        You may only use an ID once per page. If you'd like to style multiple elements in the same manner, you'd be better off
        using a class.

    10. What is a class?

        Classes are used as an attribute which can be applied to multiple elements. Commonly used to style several elements with CSS in the same manner. 
        Can also be used with JS.

        (i.e. <div class="weddings"><p>This is a test</p></div>
        in CSS you could apply a backgound the the div using 
    
        .weddings {
            background-color: pink;
        }
        )

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

        Classes can be applied to every HTML element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

        You can use a class as many times as you'd like on the same page.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

        If you add target="_blank" attribute to the a href it will open in a new window.

    14. What is the alt attribute used for?

        alt is used to supply text to describe the image in the case it does not load.
        Also used for SEO purposes.

    15. How do I reference an id?

        You can reference an ID in CSS using #name_of_id

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

        A section is used to tell the browser you are in a different section of the page. 
        Sections can contain several divs. Sections group the content inside. Divs are more commonly used as a child to the section.


    17. What is CSS used for? 

        CSS is used to provide styling to an html document.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

        If you'd like to target every element of a certain type you can call that element in CSSS with the element name 
        (i.e. h2, img, body, etc.)

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

        A class is used to apply CSS to multiple elements. A specific ID can only style one element on a page.

        You could use a class to apply text-size to multiple elements or perhaps border-radius.
        For an ID you could link to that ID for same-page navigation. 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

        You can select classes with a .
        (i.e. .headings, .featurediv, etc.)

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

        .human p {
            code goes here: test;
        }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

        The parent child selector lets you affect only one element inside of a class. 

        (i.e. You have a div with a class of "clown" and you'd like to style the p elements inside of clown to have red text.
        You could reference clown p with     .clown p {
            color: red;
        }
        
        This would override and text applied to the class but only for the p elements.
        
        )

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

        .sidebar a {
            code goes here: test;
        }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

        A pseudo selector is used to apply css to a class or ID in a certain state. Typically used with hover, active, etc.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

        i.e. line-height: 2em;

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

        i.e. letter-spacing: 2px;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

        text-transform: uppercase;
        text-transform: lowercase;
        text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

        div {
            border-style: dotted black;
        }

    29. How do I select everything on the page?

    You can use the * selector

        * {
            code goes here: test;
        }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

        /* this is a comment*/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

        You can use the pwd command to see where you are at any time.

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

        ls
    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

        rm function will remove a file. You need to be careful because there is no warning prompt.

    34. Why should I use version control? 

        Using version control helps track each individual change. It's useful with teams trying to find bugs in their code.

    35. How often should I commit to github?

        You should commit everytime there is a change.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?

        git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.

        Create a fork of the repo  
        Assign TL/PM as a collaborator
        Clone the repo
        Create a branch using git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
        Add your name to the list
        Make your changes to the code
        Commit and push your work to your own branch
        Create a Pull-Request to submit your work.
        Use our own student fork as base and compare against the master.
        Add TL/PM as a reviewer on the Pull-Request
        TL/PM will then count the Assignment ass done by merging the HW back into the master "STUDENT FORK".


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

        inline does not adda  new line-break after an element whereas block does.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

        When an element is positioned absolutely on the page, the element is positioned absolutely to its first positioned parent. 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

        You could apply max-width and also width in terms of a percentage. 

        (i.e.)

        .class {
            width: 80%;
            max-width: 1200px;
            
        }

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

        3 elements that are display block (div, p, section)

        2 elements that are display inline (span, input)

        1 element that is inline-block by default (img)

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 

        The box model is a way to imagine boundaries within an element. For example in a section you could apply a class called hero.

        .hero {
            margin: 10px (this will set 10px worth of space on the four sides of the element)
            border: 3px (allows you to set a border around the element.)
            padding: 10px (this will provide 10px worth of buffer space between the inner content and edge where border starts)
            Content
        }