https://codepen.io/jamiekaufmann/pen/bGdayzW?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    HTML gives meaning to our content
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    to create structure in pages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    modifiers for html tags that are declared in opening tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    Heading 1- top level heading used only once per page
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes 
    the img and a tags
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    metadata, scripts
    7. What is an id?
     its a unique id for an html element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    html
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    you can, not recommended make id's unique 
    10. What is a class? 
    reusable styles in css
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any html elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? arent limited. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?by using the link attribute
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? alt text...screenreaders etc
    15. How do I reference an id?
    # element-id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    div defines the division in an html document where section defines sections in a document
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling elements
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    in css - h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    ID's are unique classes are not
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? by using css selectors
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human
    22.  is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. ie,  nested lists
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? 
    .sidebar a: link
    24. WhaWhatt is a pseudo selector? elements in a specific state - ie, hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?  increase line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform property
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    <div style="border: dotted 1px black" id="mydiv">content</div> 
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    the * selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*like this*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd .
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm and careful so you arent deleting system files
    34. Why should I use version control? to keep better track of changes
    35. How often should I commit to github? every twenty min
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork repo
    add tl
    create branch with  git checkout -b jamie-kaufmann
    create pull req to submit work
    add tl as reviewer on pull request
    Merged by tl

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

    An inline element such as <span> does not cause a linebreak or take up the full width of the page, it is bounded by its tags. a block element has a width and height, it breaks the page and creates a new line.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

    It is taken out of the flow and positioned relatively to its nearest ancestor hat is NOT static

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?     
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? similiar to a frame...literaly. framing.