    
    https://codepen.io/Jrhemann/pen/WNbbGqX?editors=1100
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML provides content meaning and provide readability for machines and other people.
    
    2. What is HTML used for?
    Html is used to provide structure and layout of webpages.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributs provide functionality to elements.  They are attached to the start tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is an html element used to mark high importance items such as the page title.  It should only be used once on a page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Href and img both require attributes.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    The head tag is a conatiner for metadata.  It should containg things like the title and links to css and javascipt files.

    7. What is an id? 
    An id attribute provides a unique identifier for elements.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    An id attribute can be added to any element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    Id tags can only be used once.

    10. What is a class?
    A class is an attribute that allows you to defing the same style for all elements with the same class name.

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    A class can be added to any element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    The same class can be used on as many html elements as you like.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    To make a link open in a new you add target="_blank" after the url.

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    The alt attribute allows you to supply alternative text when the original element cannot be reached.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    To reference an id in CSS you use the # sign.  

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section represents a whole section of wepage while a div represents a smaller part.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to style webpages.  

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    To select an element you type the element followed by {} containing the attributes you want to apply.

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class can be used to identify more than one elemnt, an id cannot.  You would use a class when you have multiple elements that need the same style.  You would want to use an id when you only have one element to style.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    Classes are selected by using the "." followed by the class name.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    You would type p.human to select it.

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    The child selector matches the elements of the second selector if the are direct descendants.  This would be useful to not have to rewrite code.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    You would type div a .sidebar.


    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    Line spacing can be changed using the line-height property.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    Spacing can be changed using the letter-spacing property.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    To change everything to all Caps you use text-transform: uppercase;.  To do lowercase you use text-transform: lowercase;. To capitalize the first the letter you use text-transform: capitalize;.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    The universal selector "*".

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    Surround comments with "/* comment here*/"

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    Use the pwd command

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    Use the ls command

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm filename.  This permanately delets the file with no warning.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Version control keeps an updated list of changes made.  This could be useful if a change that is made breaks something else and needs to be undone.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    You should commit about every 15 minutes to keep from loosing large amounts of work.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    The command is git push origin jason-hemann.

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork, Add TL as collaborator, Clone, Branch, Push, add TL as reviewer.

