 1. What is Semantic HTML? The Main tags 
    2. What is HTML used for? Markup for a webpage
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? they are additional code used inside of semantic tags to classify links, classes, id's, etc.. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? it is used for the main title, no it shouldn't be used more than once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. a and img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? !--DOCTYPE HTML-- 
    7. What is an id? it is an attribute that is used to designate a specific tag
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Anything that only shows up once in a webpage
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? class is like an id however it can be used multiple times across the page.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? all semantic tags
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? endless
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? alternative information for an image
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? a section is used to section off headers, footer, chapters whereas a div defines a divison of html. 
    17. What is CSS used for? styling
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. use the semantic tag
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. An id can only be used once on a page and a class can be used multiple times. You would use an id for say specific blog post whereas you would  use class for the nav bar.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? with a period then the name of the class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? it is used to pair two css selectors that match the direct children of the of the elements matched by the first.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? a.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? selects elements in a specific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? Use line-height: ...; in css
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? create a letter-spacing inside of parent selector 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: CAPITALS, text-transform: lowercase, text-transform: Capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div { border-style: dotted; border-color: black ; border-size: 1px }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? * {} 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? */..../*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? git status
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm <file> , no warning prompt
    34. Why should I use version control? helps track all changes made for everyone in a project 
    35. How often should I commit to github? frequently 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push <file> 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork the project, clone, create new branch, add, commit, push to github, create a pull request and add TL to the pull request.


https://codepen.io/jeffclarktopeka/pen/QWWqEw