   https://codepen.io/jessica8angel/pen/oNzaymX?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	It gives more info about something
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	It's used to create the website's structure
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	It creates a link on the page
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	h1 is used to create the header of the website
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	href and img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	The title of our page that also shows up on the tab
    7. What is an id? 
	It's an identifier that describes an element
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
	Any semantic HTML element 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	One
    10. What is a class? 
	It's an identifier that can be used by multiple HTML elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	Any semantic HTML element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
	 As many as I'd like
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
	 It adds text for that image for a user who might not be able to see it
    15. How do I reference an id?
	Once it's been created you only have to use the word used to describe it
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	It's used to style the web page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	set it on the outside of the () or {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	IDs are unique and classes aren't
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	Have the name of the class be on the outsede of the {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	It is something that selects all of the child elements under the parent
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	sidebar ()
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	It's a keyword that specifies a special state of the selected elements
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform: uppercase
	text-transform: lowercase
	text-transform: capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div {
		border: 1px;
		border-style: dotted;
		color: black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	*{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/*  */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	-l
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rmdir
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	Because other software engineers will laugh at me if I dont?
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	Regularly, every hour or so
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	1. Fork
	2. Download
	3. In CLI use cd to get to directory you want the repository saved to
	4. Clone
	5. CD repo-name
	6. git checkout -b 'firsname-lastname'
	7. Work on project
	8. Add and Commit changes
	9. Push changes to Github
	10. Submit a PR