    URL: https://codepen.io/JessChu/pen/PoNMNoE

    1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic HTML shows what tags are supposed to be and not just for presentation.

    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is used for adding structure to a webpage.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute is a modifier of an element. We put it in an opening tag such as <a href> href being the attribute.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. <input> <textarea>

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? We put metadata in the head.

    7. What is an id? An id is an element selector that is used for one element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? Can add an id to any element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once

    10. What is a class? A class is an element selector that can be used in multiple elements.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? Can add a class to any element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As many as needed.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? Open a new tab by using add target="_blank" in the <a> tag.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? If the image can't be displayed the alt attribute is used to display text.

    15. How do I reference an id? #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? A div is a container whereas a section is used to separate text blocks.

    17. What is CSS used for? CSS is used to style the webpage.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page - We select an element by using the tag name such as h2

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. A class is used for multiple elements on a page and an id is used for just one element. A class would be used if you wanted to style multiple elements the same way and an id would be used if you wanted to style just one thing on the page.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human 

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? It is a selector that selects all the "children" under the specified element. This would be useful when you want to add css to all child elements.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? a.sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector? a pseudo selector is a keyword you add to a selector such as :hover. 

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black

    29. How do I select everything on the page? *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* this is how you write a comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? git rm. you need to be careful with this because the computer won't ask if you are sure if you want to delete the file.

    34. Why should I use version control? Because it helps you know who changed what and when so its easier to fix when a mistake comes up.

    35. How often should I commit to github? Every time you finish a step.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push origin -u fname-lname
 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Fork, git clone URL, cd into new directory, git checkout -b "fname-lname", code, git add ., git commit -m 'message here', git push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? A block element always starts on a new line and takes up the width available. Inline can start anywhere and only takes up the width it needs.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? It moves with your scrolling.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 