Finished codepen url:https://codepen.io/eoshout/pen/bGqaeoM
<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    It's html that gives meaning to our markup
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    adding structure to our website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    HTML attributes are a modifier of an HTML element you put them inside of tags 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 is the site heading and should only be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img , link
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Title and metadata
    7. What is an id? 
    A way to id elements
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    h1 img footer
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    classes are labels for when you're coding in css or javascript
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    all of them
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        as many times as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    <a target="_blank"href="#"></a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
       Describes the image
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #and-then-the-name
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Section is semantic and divs are not and readers skip divs
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        For styling purposes
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {

        }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        I would id on h1 and class would go on the p tag
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        . and then the name of the class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p   
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
      nav tag is like a parent and a is like a child  parent  it's useful for when you want to select every single a tag inside of the nav tag
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?  
        a pseudo selector is a keyboard that specifies a special state 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform  
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div border:1px dotted black;   
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*  */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        git rm. You don't get prompted 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Seperation of everyones work keeps the project from being ruined and makes bugs easier to fix
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        at every milestone 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin Your-Name    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        workflow for git


cd = change directory
cd .. = go back
cd ./filename = takes you to that folder


git checkout -b  Your-Name" = it creates a branch

code . = opens it in vs code

after you've made your changes and or completed your project 
git add . = "packs all the changes" - putting in box 
git commit -m "Short summery of what i've done" = "explanation of work" - taping it up and putting a label on


git push -u origin Your-Name = Makes a pull request - shipping your box



Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 