    1. What is Semantic HTML? 

html that gives meaning to our markup

    2. What is HTML used for? 

its the foundation that allows items/visuals into a website

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

something to define additional characteristics, they should be put inclosed in quotations

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

h1 is typically used to specify the title and is gives the biggest text, it should be used once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

two tags that are the source location of an image file and and an anchor tag

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

a title element

    7. What is an id? 

an identifier

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

any unique element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

once

    10. What is a class? 

an identification that can be used multiple times

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

you can add them to div or a section

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

as many as you feel is justified

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

use an anchor tag and set a href to the url 

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 

its used to add a text description to an image

    15. How do I reference an id?

.id

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

section represents a generic section of a document, a div only represents its children

    17. What is CSS used for? 

it is used to style the webpage

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

body h2{

}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

class can be used multiple times and an id can only be used once, use a class when referencing multiple section and use an id for a specific area

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

.className

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

p human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

st is a selector used to select everything related to that parent, when you want to select multiple items

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

links sidebar{

}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

used to add styles to specific selectors

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

line-height:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

letter-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

*{
    text-transform: uppercase/lowercase/capitalize;
}

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

div{
    border: px dotted black;
}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

"*"

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

/* */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

rm, once you delete it theres no going back

    34. Why should I use version control? 

to have better control over the file 

    35. How often should I commit to github?

every 10-20 min

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

git push -u origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.

fork the file, cd to the file, branch to your own version, code, add, commit, push

    https://codepen.io/javarcho/pen/dyRMyxR?editors=0100