https://codepen.io/Jyevsukov/pen/RwoqpxP?editors=1100

   1. What is Semantic HTML? 
   HTML with meaning to provide semantics
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    the building blocks of a web page
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
   something that modifies or adds meaning to an html element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    most important header. once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
img and tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <!DOCTYPE html>
    7. What is an id? 
    a unique way to label an element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class?
a selector that can apply to multiple elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    any
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target element
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    specifying and alternate text for an image
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #(theid)
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section groups its contents. div conveys no meaning.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling html
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    class is a selector that can be used for multiple items. ID is a selector for one unique item. a p might have an id and a group of ps might have a slecector
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    s selector for something specific. for finding something specific
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    specify all hrefs in the div with the specific class
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a selector for a certain state of the element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm. you can erase a lot by mistake
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    to be safer 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    everytime i make a change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork
    clone
    cd into dir 
    git checkout -b
    add
    commit
    push