    https://codepen.io/johnathanbarnes/pen/YzwLgrO?editors=1100
    ///
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 

    Semantic HTML is markup that simplifies the language
    and makes it easier to read and understand,
    such as using <nav> instead of <div>. 
    Semantic HTML is also faster in the browser.    

    2. What is HTML used for?

    HTML is used to create the backbone of website layout.


    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

    An attribute is used to modify the element being used.
    There are a wide variety of attributes that can be used,
    such as href to link items, or src to link an image. 
    We put attributes inside of the opening element tag. 


    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

    The h1 tag is normally used for the title of a webpage, or towards the top,
    but it can be used throughout the page, depending on the style you're wanting to achieve 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

    img, src, and <a>[anchor] tags


    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

    The head of an HTML document always includes information called metadata.
    This is information pertaining to how the HTML is able to be read in a browser.
    Metadata will also normally include links to the CSS files, title info, and
    keywords for SEO. 



    7. What is an id? 

    The id is normally used when wanting to target a specific item
    of your HTML with CSS
      

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

    According to my research, any element can accept id's. 


    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

    A unique id should only be used once. It can be used more than once, 
    but id's should be unique.  

    10. What is a class? 

    First of all, it's difficult to explain what a class is without plagiarizing
    google searches. A lot of these websites use the wording I'd like to use. 

    A class is best described as a placeholder used to style with css,
     or manipulate with the DOM in Javacript. 


    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

    Any element can accept classes.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

    0 < infinity

    In reality, I really don't think there's a hard limit. It really depends 
    what you're trying to achieve. Same can be said for #9 above, it really just
    depends on the scope of your project.   


    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

    target="_blank"


    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 

    If the image is unable to be displayed, the information in the
    alt attrribute will be shown. 

    15. How do I reference an id?

    #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

    I really can't come up with anything better than what a user on
    stack overflow describes them as. 

    They say <section> marks up a section, <div> marks up a generic block with 
    no associated semantics. 

    In other words a div is generic and is usually used along with classes and id's 
    and section is a semantic element which groups content, often times including a heading. 

    17. What is CSS used for? 

    CSS is used to style HTML. 


    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

    In the case of h2, you can simply write it as 

    h2{
    color:blue;
    }


    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? 
    -Give me an example of when I might use each one.

    classes usually target more than one area, whereas id is generally used once.

    An example for using a class selector could be having multiple paragraphs at different 
    loactions on the page that you want to have the same color font. You can apply
    a class for those two paragraphs and target it once using CSS. 

    An example of using an id would be if you want to target one line on a paragraph. 


    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

    full stop


    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

    .human{
    
    }

    or

    p.human{

    }


    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

    Selects elements that are children of the element you're targeting. I don't 
    understand this topic and my research isn't adding up to much. 


    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

    .sidebar a{} 

    This would target the class and the anchor tags. 


    24. What is a pseudo selector?

    A pseudo selector is used when you want to target something specific. 

    Note: This one is hard to define without copying the definition verbatim. 

    Pseudo selectors include things like hover, focus, first-of-type etc. 


    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

    the line-height property in CSS can achieve this task.  

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

    letter-spacing property in CSS.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

    toUppercase ---- but I know this question pertains to HTML & CSS,
    so the answer is text-transform: uppercase

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

    border: 1px solid #000000

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

    I want to try answering this question without googling, because I believe
    I know the answer. You would use CSS and select body{}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

    /* comment */


    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

    If you're in a directory it should say it. Normally a different color.

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

    rm <file name>. Careful because it is gone forever. No trash bin. 

    34. Why should I use version control? 

    Version control keeps track of changes and allows more than one person working 
    on the same file to be working on the latest version. 

    35. How often should I commit to github?

    According to Lambda School... Often. 


    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

    git push


    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

    1. fork original repo
    2. clone repo
    3. branch repo
    4. commit often
    5. push
    6. add TL as collaborator
    7. create PR

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

    Inline elements are just that, in line. They don't start with a new line.

    Block elements start a new line for each. 

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

    I'm not 100% sure but it seems as if position: absolute puts the element in the
    upper lefthand corner, unless otherwise specified.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    ---

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default


    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
