https://codepen.io/johnschuler/pen/JjYPYKW?editors=1100

Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    hypertext markup language
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML introduces meaning to the web page rather than just presentation
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    css attributes are used to change elements
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    its used to enlargen text. usually only once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    form label
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    the links and meta data
    7. What is an id? 
    a class selector 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any only one specific element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    same as id but can be used multiple times
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as much as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    place the address here  target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    if link doesnt work go here
    15. How do I reference an id?
    .id id=""
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    sections sre usually inside divs. divs are for larger blocks
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling pages
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    call h2 #id
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one clas for many divs with same characteristic . id for a special button
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p class="human"
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    when writing css. div p {css}
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    class="sidebar"
    24. What is a pseudo selector? hover is an example. it specifies behaviour when called
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform


    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: dotted black 1px;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    control a
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    */ /*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?  rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    with branches
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    whenever there is a significant change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    push "repo address"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Student will create OWN version of Repo (Fork)
Student will add TL as a collaborator
Student then will Clone Repo
Student will then create a branch (on which the student will implement the project) git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
Student will then submit their PR into the new branch.
Student will use their own student fork as the base (compare across forks).
Student will add their TL as a reviewer on the PR
TL then will count the HW as done by merging the HW back into master “STUDENT FORK”.
