codepen link: https://codepen.io/jack-daly/full/jOPbEra 

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	It is the sytax used to better organize your code and to make it more functional.
2. What is HTML used for? 
	It is the barebones structure that tells the computure how certain elements should be arranged on a page.
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	Attributes provide additional info about elements. <element attribute = ""></element>
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	H1 stands for header 1 and is the biggest header size available. 
	It should probably only be used once for the title of a webpage
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	img and a
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	useful information about the code below
7. What is an id?
	it is an attribute that specifies one and only one element 
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	any
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	once
10. What is a class?
	it is a specific attribute that can be added to multiple elements 
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	any
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	as many times as you like
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	target="_blank"
14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	The alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image
15. How do I reference an id?
	#idname{
	}
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	functionally no difference but div is a more general divider than section
17. What is CSS used for? 
	to stylize html elements
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2{
	}
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	an id can only refer to one specific element for example the title of the page
	a class can be assigned to multiple elements such as paragraphs
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.className{
	}
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p.human{
	}
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	a parent child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. 
	It is useful when trying to select multiple child elements that are already part of a parent class	
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div a.sidebar{
	}
24. What is a pseudo selector?
	a selector thats only active in a certain state 
	for instance when the mouse is hovering over the element 
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-spacing
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform:uppercase; text-transform:lowercase; text-transform:capitalize;
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	border: 1px dotted black
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	*{}
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/*comment*/
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
	pwd 
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
	rm 
34. Why should I use version control? 
	ersion control allows me to access past versions of my code
35. How often should I commit to github?
	anytime it feels appropriate
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push -u origin repo-name
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
	On GitHub there will be a project which I need to fork and then clone into my terminal using git, 
	from there I need to make a branch, then push and eventually commit. 
	After committing I will request integration

	 

Stretch Questions

	1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
inline elements may contain only data and other inline elements, meaning you can't put block elements inside of them. 
Inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow, 
block elements typically cause a line break to occur
	2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
the element is removed from the normal document flow, 
so no space is created for the element in the page layout 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
		block: h1,h2,h3
		inline: map, output
		inline-block: img
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
		It is the way elements are treated for spacing and decoration purposes.
	In the center of the box you have the content of your element
	Around that you have padding then border then margin all of which can be restyled.
