
    1. What is Semantic HTML?
Gives built-in information about elements 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
Structurally building a web page 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Attributes is metadata pertaining to current element. It's placed in the opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
Main header. Once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
Input, textarea 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Meta links, css/js/mdn links, title, etc.
    7. What is an id? 
#elementWithId, targets the element with id="elementWithId"
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Once
    10. What is a class? 
.elementWithClass targets any element with class="elementWithClass"
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
Any
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
Alternative Text, for a description when images don't display or screen readers
    15. How do I reference an id?
#
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
Section is Semantic
    17. What is CSS used for? 
Style 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2 {...}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
Class is for style - .userPostContainer
ID is for logic - #userGrades
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
.human>table {...} - Now everything we do to tables inside of .human will only affect those tables
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
Selects elements depending on their state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
Line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
Letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
Text-transform: uppercase || lowercase || capitalize 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div {border: 1px dotted #000}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
* {...}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/*...*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
Pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
Ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
Rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
So everything is up to date synchronously 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
When you have something to commit 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Fork it
git clone
git checkout -b 'branch-name'
git add .
git commit -m 'initial commit'
git push -u 'branch-name'
git push next time If want
In github.com, open new pull request, compare new/old changes, merge to main

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
Block takes up 1 line no matter it's size, inline places other inline elements on the same line
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
If it's inside an element that is positioned relatively it is exactly where we tell it inside that element otherwise it uses window()
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
Min-width
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
Block: div/ul/video inline: a,input, strong
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
Margin, padding, width || height. Use CSS delete. Or * {border-box: none; margin: 0; padding: 0;}



  
