<!-- reveiw questions to Submit in today's file firt-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 
https://codepen.io/johnkang93/pen/RwPWbOB?editors=1100
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Gives meaning
    2. What is HTML used for? It is the standard markup language for documents designed to be displayed in a web browser. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attributs provide additional information about HTML elements. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? H1 usually uses for main title. Just one is general rule for each website page. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes a and img 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? The <head> element is a container for metadata (data about data) and is placed between the <html> tag and the <body> tag.
    7. What is an id? The id attribute is a unique identifier which is used to specify the document. It is used by CSS and JavaScript to perform a certain task for a unique element. 
        In CSS, the id attribute is used using # symbol followed by id.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? " "
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? One id a time is recommended since it has its own uniqueness. 
    10. What is a class? The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element. The class name can be used by CSS and JavaScript to perform certain tasks for elements with the specified class name.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? color, margin, padding, background-color etc.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many times as you want. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? inside of <a> attribute put target="_blank
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? when image crashes, it will gives description from alt attribute text.
    15. How do I reference an id? id = "" in html. # in css.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div. section has more description and div has no meaning but just dividing masses. 
    17. What is CSS used for? styling html
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2 {} on css
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .(class) {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? Changing parent will change child together due to overring rules. Without changing one each, it can be handy.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? I would change a tag that's parent to all the links. 
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A pseudo-class is a selector that assists in the selection of something that cannot be expressed by a simple selector.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? I would put line-height: (value) in css
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing: (value) in css. 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: (command) in css
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? 
    div {
        outline-style: dotted;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? body {} or *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm filen-ame it deletes permantely without warning. 
    34. Why should I use version control?  Version control helps teams solve these kinds of problems, tracking every individual change by each contributor and helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting.
    35. How often should I commit to github? every 20 mins
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork -> clone -> cd to the directory -> git status -> git add . -> git commit -m "comment" -> git -b branchname -> git push -u origin branchname

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? inline element would contain context in the same line but block element will change the layout of the context, splitting them.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? An element with position: absolute; is positioned relative to the nearest positioned ancestor (instead of positioned relative to the viewport, like fixed).
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? I would utilize css -> box modeling to find those values.
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default 
    display block: article, aside, address
    display inline: map, output
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? All HTML elements can be considered as boxes. In CSS, the term "box model" is used when talking about design and layout. 
    The CSS box model is essentially a box that wraps around every HTML element. It consists of: margins, borders, padding, and the actual content. I would use a selector or tag from html and go to css. Then change the values of width, height, padding, and border. For example, div {
        width: (value);
        height: (value):
        padding: (value):
        border: (value);
    }



   --> 