URL to Forked Completed Codepen: https://codepen.io/JorgeAcevedo/pen/xxZxbBw?editors=1100
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        It is html that gives meaning to our content
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        Used for the structure of our website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attributes define addition characteristics or properties of the element. Always specified in the start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The tag is used for the most important info on a website, usually only used one time on a page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img and  select tags
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        The Titls tag
    7. What is an id? 
       Id specifies a unique id for an HTML element. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Almost all elemnts except for styles and script tag
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
         It can only be used once per element
    10. What is a class? 
        The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        All elements can have a class added to it
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        there is no limit, however you can only use the class element once per HTML element
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
         target="_blank" attribute
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        it provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it
    15. How do I reference an id?
        By using "#"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
        the section tag defines section in a document, such as chapters, headers, etc. The div tag is used to group block-elements to format them with CSS
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        It is used to describe the presentation of a web page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{

        }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        An id can be used to identify one element, a class can be used to indentify more than one. a class would be used when working with an external-link, and an id would be used when referring to a specific element such as 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        ".className"
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        //.human p{

        }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        Selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        ":link{

        }"
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        Selects elements that are in a specific state, ex: being govered by the mouse
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        "line-height:"
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        "letter-spacing:"
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        CAPITALS: "uppercase:" - lowercase: "lowecase:" - Capitalize: "capitalize:"
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        "border: 1px dotted; border-color: black;"
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
        "*"
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*....*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        del fileName, have to be careful because it will permanently delete it without warning
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        it tracks every individual change by each contributor and helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        about every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Find source repository
        Fork repository
        add TL/collaborator
        clone repo
        cd into directory
        clone repo into directory
        cd into new repo
        create your own branch
        add/commit changes
        push changes back into github
        submit PR 


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow. Block elements typically cause a line break to occur.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        It no longer exists in the normal document layour flow.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 