https://codepen.io/JoseSus/pen/mdyeNgY?editors=1100
 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic HTML is meaningful html that gives our tags a purpose.
    2. What is HTML used for?
         It is used to make pages on the web.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
        An attribute modifiys the functionality of an element. We put in in the opening/closing tags.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        Make the text big and bold. It is used to show the most important part of your page, should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    form and input tags
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
        This inlcudes everything at the top of the page such as; title, style tags; and the script tags.
    7. What is an id?
        Gives a specific elemtn an ID
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Any element but they are mostly used to the elements you want to give a specific style to
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
        should only be used once
    10. What is a class?
        a group of elements that you assign to the same class
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Any element can have a class
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
        multiple times, that is the purpose of a class
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add a target="_blank" attribute to your links 
    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
        Uses an alternative source if the main one cannot load.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        By putting a # in front of it
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Section is used to divded sections of the whole text, divs are used to block elements together and is mainly used for styling purposes
    17. What is CSS used for?
        To add stly to our page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        just type out h2 in the css editor followed by {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Class are used for grouping and ids are more specific. EX. Trying to change all elements with class blue to color blue and then changing one element with the id green to the color green.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        put a . in front of the class followed by {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        put the element first then the class so in this case p.human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
        this is the cascading effect on css child elements are tied to their parent elements
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        You would use .sidebar a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        a keyword added to a selector that specifies a state of the selected elements an example would be :hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        use lowercase, uppercase, and captilaize depending on which one you want to use
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        would be div{
            border: 1px dotted black ;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
        using the universal selector *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        // for single line or  /* */ and <!-- --> for multiple lines of comments
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
        Using the pwd command
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        using the ls command
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
        using the rm command. You got to be carefule because there isn't a warning sign before you delete
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        So revision can be done without interupting live code
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Whenever you feel like you did a good bit of code. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
        git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
        There is a master branch the one that belongs to lamnda then the branch that I made. 
        If I make changes I submit it to my branch first then lamnda would review it and then push it to their branch the master one.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        the difference between these two is that with inline it will  ignore the width and height properties.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        it is positioned relative to its first positioned element
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
.
