Completed codepen: https://codepen.io/jfaust1104/pen/jObNENr?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    1a. It is the use of HTML markup to reinforce the meaning or information in webpages/webapps instead of using it to only define presentation or look.
    2. What is HTML used for?
    2a. It is a markup language that web browsers use to interpret and compose text, images, and other materials into webpages. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    3a. It is a special word used in the opening tag to control the element's behavior.  It is used after the element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    4a. It is used to define the most important heading.  It should be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes?
    5a. Input and select.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    6a. Metatdata or other specific info that is not displayed to the user. 
    7. What is an id?
    7a. It is an attribute that specifies a unique id for an HTML element. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    8a. It can be used on any HTML element. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    9a. It can only be used once. 
    10. What is a class?
    10a. It is an attribute that is used to define equal styles for elements with the same class name. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    11a. It can be used on any HTML element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    12a There is no limit. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    13a. Add target="_blank" attribute to the link.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    14a. It provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it. 
    15. How do I reference an id? 
    15a. With a hashtag.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
    16a. The section tag defines sections in a document like chapters, headers, footers and the div tag defines a division in an HTML document.
    17. What is CSS used for?
    17a. It is used to design and style a website created by HTML. 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    18a. h2{ }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    19a.The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, while a class can be used to identify more than one. So you would use an ID if you only want to style one element and class if you want to consistently style multiple elements. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    20a. .class {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    21a. p.human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    22a.  A selector for elements nested inside another element.  It is useful for using inheritance to style with css.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    23a. .sidebar a{} 
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    24a. It is used to define a special state of an element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    25a. line-height: normal;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    26a. letter-spacing: 3px;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    27a. text-transform: uppercase; , text-transform: lowercase; , text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    28a. div {border-style: dotted; border: 1px black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    29a. *{} 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    30a. /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    31a. pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    32a. ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    33a. rm filename , You have to be careful because it gives no warning and completely deletes the file. 
    34. Why should I use version control?  
    34a. It helps to keep track of changes to the code and for a team it allows the members to work on the latest version. 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    35a. Whenever you have made a change to the code that you wish to update. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    36a. git commit -m "comment"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    37a.  First, fork the repo.  Next, add your TL as a collaborator.  Then clone your repo and copy the address. Enter git clone <the address>.  Create a branch using git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' for the branch name. Push new branch to Github and make future pushes to that branch with command git push -u origin firstname-lastname.  Then on GH click on 'Compare & Pull Request -> Base:YOUR MASTER' and set compare fork to your fork. Finally, open a pull request and select reviewers option.  Add the TL as a reviewer. 


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    1a. A block element always starts on a new line and takes up the full width available while an inline element deosn't sart on a new line and only takes up as much width as necessary. 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    2a. It is positioned relative to the nearest positioned ancestor. 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 