https://codepen.io/hamsashajo/pen/VwYvzyE?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for?
	The structure and the bones of your site. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
	The attribute defines what the section of code will be classified as.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	The header. Usually only once!
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	"img" "a href"
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
	 The Page Title, and any metadata we may include on the page.
    7. What is an id? 
	It is used to further classify a tag/attribute. Creates a very precise reference for CSS
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
	Any? 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	Once.
    10. What is a class?
	 It classifies elements/code so that you can style multiple w/ the same class.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	Any?
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
	As many as you want. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	Add target="_blank" to the end of your <a> code.
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	To signify alternate text for an area.
    15. How do I reference an id?
	In CSS you would first reference the class then id. SectionOne(class).SampleId(id)
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	A section actually defines a section, and a div is more for reference.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	Styling your HTML.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	id is the next step in heirarchy after class. You could have a gallery with a class of Gallery, and each photo would be Gallery.Photo1>Gallery.Photo2 etc.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	."nameofclass" {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p.human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
	It's an order of operations for different content with the same classes 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div.class a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	It is used to stle an element when a certain action happens to it i.e. :hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform: captials; || text-transform: lowercase; || text-transform: uppercase;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	border-style: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
	* would be my guess 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	ls or pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	git rm
    34. Why should I use version control?
	 It helps document and save versions to refer back to later.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	Every time you make a significant change.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
	git push -u origin firstname-lastname 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
	You need to fork, then clone. You will then create a specific branch that you will be working on by cd'ing to the proper folder then using "git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'" Then you will push the branch to get hub using "git push -u origin firstname-lastname". Finally you do a compare and pull and make sure your TL is the reciever for the branch.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	An inline element does not cause a line break.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
	It will not be recognized by itself, and will instead be position with its nearest ancestor
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?