
 https://codepen.io/myhousegotroaches/pen/PowwmNm?editors=1100


MY codepen LINK IS UP ABOVE



 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 giving meaning to your text

    2. What is HTML used for?
    used for give content to your website and its a mark up language

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
     an attribute is basically "class" or anything like that that can easily itentify an elements content

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is used for titles and it should only be used once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    anchor and attributes

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    for the header you input the title of the webpage

    7. What is an id? 
    an id as an attribute

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    you can use id on almost any element if not all of them

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once

    10. What is a class? 
    class is a type of attribute

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    almost any to all of them, Im pretty sure you can do all tbh

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    multiple times if im not mistaken

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    you use _ i believe

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    alt text is to give more info if they hover over an image

    15. How do I reference an id?
    you use hashtag

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is used for grouping info that has the same topic but div can be used to group anything

    17. What is CSS used for?
    to style webpage

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    just type h2 on CSS

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id is more important

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    with a period

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p 

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    its when you need acess to somthing deep inside of a thread essentially

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    is hover or any special animation of some sort 

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    you use line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    we use letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transformation uppercase, Capitalize etc... 

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: dotted;
    color: black;
    margin: 1px 0px;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */ or // i think

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm, because its permenant

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    in case my new code does not work

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    20 min or whenever I make something work

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push 

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 