https://codepen.io/patrickdalgobbo/pen/qBdOOrY?editors=1100
 1. What is Semantic HTML? tags with a meaning
    2. What is HTML used for? used to set up display on the web
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? provide additional info about an element, goes before element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? importance, once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes, src and images
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? h1 tag most important parts
    7. What is an id? for very specific reasons that can’t be accomplished using a class
    8. What elements can I add an id to? all
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? select individual elements by placing a special attribute in our HTML
    11. What elements can I add a class to? all
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? multiple
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? copy
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div. Section is grouped inside an div has no meaning aside from its class
    17. What is CSS used for? styling HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. ID is only used once and you can only use CSS with it once while class can be used multiple differnt times to style differnt specific parts of HTML
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? # classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? all elements that are direct childs of that specific element
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?used when you may not have a set amount of elements, but you still want to style them individually.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github? often
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. git add. git commit -m git push

