1. What is Semantic HTML? 
HTML that introduces meaning to the web page
    2. What is HTML used for? 
Used to create electronic documents
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Specified in the start tag, and adds additional characteristics/properties
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
The H1 tag is usually meant for the main title of the page, should only use it once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
Input and Select
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
The Header tag
    7. What is an id? 
It is a tag that can only be used once to identify a certain container
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Div elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
You can only use an id once
    10. What is a class? 
An attribute tag that specifies multiple containers on a page
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Div elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
You can use it as many times as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
Add target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
Used for in case an image doesn't load, it can still be able to describe what the picture is.
    15. How do I reference an id?
#id_name
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
Section means the content inside are grouped, while div is essentially the group of contents inside of a section
    17. What is CSS used for? 
CSS is used to give the webpage the style 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
You simply call the element--> h2{

}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
A class can be used multiple times, for example multiple titles in a certain section, while an ID is used for one specific part of the page which can be the main title
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.className{

}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human p{

}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
A parent child selector lets you get more specific in what element you're choosing
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
sidebar:link{

}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? 
used to select a special state of an element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
Line-space: #;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
Letter-spacing: #;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transformation: (uppercase, lowercase, capitalize)
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 