https://codepen.io/juliusheese/pen/eYJmepz?editors=1100


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
semantic means meaning, so this means HTML reinforced with context based tags like header and footer etc instead of just divs
    2. What is HTML used for? 
HTML is the structure of the webpage, like the frame in a tent
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
an attribute is something like class or id and it is put in the start tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
h1 is the most important text of the page, it should only be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
the anchor (a) tag and the img tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
metadata like sets of typefaces and scripts and etc
    7. What is an id? 
an attribute that is specific to a single element, or only really works on a single element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
once
    10. What is a class? 
an attribute that specifies an element that can later be called upon in css
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
as much as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
 target="_blank" as an attribute in the tag
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
if your img doesnt load or if there is accessibility issues then you have a text description of the img
    15. How do I reference an id?
with the # sign
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
a section is a specific part of the webpage and a div is like a box that goes around anything used to section different parts of the website
    17. What is CSS used for? 
css is used to style a webpage and its like the paint of a house
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2{
}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
a class is used for multiple elements, like a reoccuring paragraph styling. an id is used for a specific single element, and for example you might use an id for a specific stylized h tag that is different than the other ones
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.class{
}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p .human{
}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
to target specific type of element within another specific element
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.class div a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
a way to select changes during a specific state of an element like hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
  text-transform: uppercase;
text-transform: lowercase;
text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div {
	border-style: dotted;
	border-width: 1px;
  	border-color: black;
}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
* {
}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
you start a comment with /* , and end it with */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm and because it doesnt use a warning popup
    34. Why should I use version control? 
because it allows you to revert back to an earlier state if you mess up among many other things like being able to collaberate
    35. How often should I commit to github?
a couple times per hour or after major changes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
create OWN version of Repo (Fork)
Sadd TL as a collaborator
Clone Repo
create a branch git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
submit their PR into the new branch.
use their own student fork as the base (compare across forks).
add their TL as a reviewer on the PR
TL then will count the HW as done by merging the HW back into master “STUDENT FORK”.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
inline is in the html and block is in the css
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
by specific pixles instead of relative pixels
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
float
width
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
