//Codepen Assignment link for Part 2 of GitHub Project

https://codepen.io/j721/pen/NWqGqPB?editors=1100

  1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        process of providing meaning to your content

    2. What is HTML used for? 
        markup language used as the building block/backbone of all web pages

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        written inside opening tag
        used to supply a link or an img
          
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
            h1 tag is a headline tag. It provides the largest font-size  
            used usually only once or for important headings

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img tag
        anchor tag

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        our heading or title

    7. What is an id? 
        css selector. titles only appear on a single element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        only applies to a single element
        can be used on any HTML element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        only once
            
    10. What is a class? 
        css selector that can be used on multiple elements
        used to define equal styles for elements with same class name

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        multiple elements, any HTML element
        all elements with the same class attribute will get the same style

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        multiple times
        not really a limit

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        right click and bar that pops up click on open a new tab

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        provides alternative info for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it

    15. How do I reference an id?
       use #name_of_id 

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        section is a more specific container of holding other elements.
             A container holding similar elements 
        div is a generic container to hold other elements
            holds no special meaning


    17. What is CSS used for?
        used to add stylistic features to web page

    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
            h2{

                }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
            a class can be used on multiple elements
                example for class can be used on an anchor tag, a paragrah tag, a div tag

            an id can only be used on a single element 
                example id can only be used on a single element such as a box element

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        use the .class_name 

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”?
        p.human{

        }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
            parent child selector: selects all elements that are the direct child of the specified element

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        sidebar a{

        }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        css selectors with colon preceding them (:pseudo selector)
        specifies a special state of the selected element(s)

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
            use line-height property
            example div{
                line-height: normal;
            }

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
            use letter-spacing property
            example h1{
                letter-spacing: 4px;
            }

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
            text-transform: capitalize        capitalizes first letter of every word
            text-transform: lowercase         makes all letters in selected text to lowercase
            text-transform: uppercase         makes text to all caps


    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
            div{
                border: 1px dotted black;
            }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        use wildcard/universal selector *{
        }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
            start a comment with /* and end the comment with */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        use pwd (print working directory) to find out what directory or file you are in 

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
            ls command

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
            rm file_name
            use caution because there is no warning before you delete the file and there is 
            no way to recover it once it has been removed

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        able to save multiple previous versions of your codepen
        able to have multiple people work on the same project

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        whenever a change is made

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
        fork the repo to own github account
        add TL as collaborator through manage access
        clone the repo
        open Terminal/Command Line and use cd to make sure right directory 
        git clone with <url link to repo> that was cloned
        cd into the new repo 
        create branch using git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'
        work on repo
            git add .     will add all repo changes making it ready for comitting
            git commit -m "helpful commit message"
        now push all changes back to GitHub repo
            git push -u origin branch-name
        after changes are on github submit a pull request
        go back to forked project repo. MAKE SURE ON FORKED COPY
        click on Branch: master
        drop bar then click on Name-branch
        then click on new pull request
        click dropdown button that says base repository and CHANGE it to be your FORKED REPO 
        add TL to reviewers
        then submit pull request
        DO NOT MERGE YOUR OWN PULL REQUEST