  https://codepen.io/jbain912/pen/JjRGOrE



 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	It determines the significance of an object

    2. What is HTML used for? 
	to lay out a webpage

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	they provide information about html elements and they go before an object.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	It is used for the largest header on the page. You can use it as many times as you want but should be used only once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	input, syntax

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	All of the meta data

    7. What is an id? 
	global attribute that defines an identifier

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	all elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	once

    10. What is a class? 
	an attribute used to style multiple elements

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	Any html element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	As many as needed
	
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	add the target attribute and set it to blank

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
 	text to describe image if it cannot be displayed

    15. How do I reference an id?
	with the # symbol

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	Section groups all of its elements while div does not

    17. What is CSS used for? 
	To style a page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2{}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	Id is unique to one element and a class can select multiple elements. An example would be with a class you could select all images and with id you would only be able to select one.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	with the "." selector

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human{}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	It is when you select a parent element that directly changes all child elements within it. It is useful when you want to change the style of an entire section of your page easier and more efficiently.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	.sidebar a

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	A selector that changes the specific state of an element.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-spacing:
	
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform:
	
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	border:1px dotted #000000;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	*

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm     be careful because you don't want to delete the wrong files
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	to track changes in the code repository

    35. How often should I commit to github?
	once you are done and assured that the code is working.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
	 Fork code
	clone code
	create a branch
	complete code(make sure files are in repo)
	commit code
	push code
	create pull request

