Completed codepen - https://codepen.io/karansapolia/pen/VwYYPYM?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML?
    HTML tags which help both web browsers and developers understand the meaning of the code
    and make it more readable. Tags which give meaning to the code are a part of semantic HTML.

2. What is HTML used for?
    HTML is used for writing the structure of a webpage. It is the markup which defines
    the structure of the page.

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute provides more information about the HTML element it is a part of.
    The yusually form a name and value pair, ex: href="https://gooogle.com".
    Attributes are always specified in the start tag.

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used to mark the title of the page. It is advised to use an h1 tag just for the title of the page.
    This way it is easier to differentiate page title and other sub-headings in the page.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    The required attribute can be used with <input> and <textarea> tags.

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    The <head> in an HTML  document contains metadata related to the page that is not displayed on the page.
    It contains the <title>, <meta> tags specifying the characterset or other details of the page,
    the <link> tags to link to external CSS documents that are used on the page.

7. What is an id? 
    An id is a unique indentifier for an HTML element. It helps CSS and JS uniqely identify an element and
    perform tasks on it.

8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    id attirbute can be used with any HTML element.

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    An id can be used only once in a page.

10. What is a class? 
    A class is another HTML attribute which can be used by multiple elements to be identified by common styles or properties.

11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any HTML element.

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as you want.

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add a target="_blank" attribute to the <link> element to make it open in a new tab.

14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    It is used to provide alternative information for an image if a user cannot view it for some reason.

15. How do I reference an id?
    If id is 'paragraph', in your CSS use #paragraph as an id selector to reference the id.

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A <section> means that the content inside it is grouped and should appear as an entry in the page.
    A <div> does not convey any semantic meaning and marks just a block in the HTML.

17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used for styling webpages.

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    To select and element in CSS, use the element selector. For example, in order to select every h2 in the page,
    use the h2 { } selector.

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class can be used to reference more than one elements together. An id can only be used to reference a single element.
    For defining the color and font of all <h2> headings in a page, you could use class. For defining the properties of a specific
    unique submit button, like its color and the hover animations, you should use id.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    classes can be selected using the class selector pattern. prefix any class name with a '.' and define its properties.
    For example: .class1 { color: blue; }.

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human {}

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    The '>' symbol is the parent child selector. It is used to select an element when it is child of a specific other element.
    It is useful when we have nested elements and don't need classes.

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div > link.sidebar { }

24. What is a pseudo selector?
    pseudo selector prefix a ':' and have a number of keywords like 'hover', 'last-child', 'clicked' to be available only when specific
    operations are performed or conditions are fulfilled.

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: capitalize, text-transform: lowercase, text-transform: capitalize.

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }

29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {

    }

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* This is a CSS comment */

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm fileName. This is a permanent operation.

34. Why should I use version control? 
    To save various older versions of a file / folder, without creating multiple copies of it.
    To help with many people work together on the same files without causing multiple copies.

35. How often should I commit to github?
    As often as you can.

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push remote-name branch-name

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1. Fork the Lanbda repo.
    2. Clone your copy of the repo to a folder on your computer.
    3. Create a new branch using 'git branch -d firstname-lastname' with your firstname and lastname.
    4. Make changes in this branch.
    5. Add, commit and push these changes to remote version of your branch.
    6. Create a pull request from your remote branch to your remote master.
    7. Add your TL as a reviewer of the PR and ask them to check it and merge it to your forked master.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        An inline element do not start on a new line and takes up only as much width as necessary, ex: <span>.
        A block element always starts on a new line and takes up the complete available width to it.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        The element is removed from the normal document flow and no space is created for the element in the page layout.
        Is is positioned relative to its closest positioned ancestor, if any, else it is placed relative to its initial
        containing block.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        Assign the element as display: inline-block.

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        display: block - <p>, <li>, <h1>.
        display: inline - <span>, <a>.
        display: inline-block - <button>

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
        All HTML elements can be considered as boxes. The CSS box model conceptualises a layered box
        around every HTML element. The layers, from inside to outside are, content, padding, border and margin.
        Content is where the text and images appear.
        Padding is a clear area around the content and seperates it from the border.
        Border is the element border.
        Margin is an outisde clearance beyond the border. It also is transparent like padding.

        The issues with the box model are fixed by using box-sizing property in CSS.
        If you set 'box-sizing: border-box', it includes the padding and borders in an element's width.
        That way, a lot of issues with vague dimensions is reduced for any HTML element. One caveat though is that the 
        margins are still unaccounted for.