https://codepen.io/karmendurbin/pen/gOaYpag?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? it gives our HTML meaning
    2. What is HTML used for? It means Hyper Text Markup Language. Its the foundation of our website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? special words used inside of of tags like src or alt
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? the h1 tag is the main heading of the website it shold only be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: img and anchor tags
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? add head tags and place all info inside like nav or meta data
    7. What is an id? A unique attribute that can only be used once for each unique id
    8. What elements can I add an id to? it can be used for any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? only once
    10. What is a class? a class is a reusable attribute 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? All elements can use classes
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? over and over
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target blank ex. target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? it is used to describe imgs for screen readers and seo purposes
    15. How do I reference an id? in css? #idname 
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? a section is used for grouping purposes, grouping together like content. A div is used not for organization/separation, but for styling grouped items. 
    17. What is CSS used for? Cascading Style sheets used to make web content beautiful
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2 { 

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one: .class can be used repetably used for styling #id used once used for anchoring 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human p {

    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? this is when you select the child of a parent item nested in CSS. Use it when you want to target a child item but require more specificity
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar div {

    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector? The ability to create used to define the special state of an element. ex a:hover used to make links change on hover.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? example line-height: 3px;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? example letter-spacing: 1.5px;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? lowercase and capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? with a univeral selector *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*my comment*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm and you must be careful because this can not be undone
    34. Why should I use version control? because it allows multiple people to work on a project at the same and beacause it allows you to go back to a former version of the project if you make a mistake. 
    35. How often should I commit to github? after every major change or after every thirty mins or so. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. I honestly am not sure what this question means?... 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 