 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML is the use of HTML markup to reinforce the semantics, or meaning, of the information in webpages
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Hypertext Markup Language (HTML) is the standard markup language for documents designed to be displayed in a web browser.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

HTML attributes are a modifier of an HTML element type. An attribute either modifies the default functionality of an element type or provides functionality to certain element types unable to function correctly without them. In HTML syntax, an attribute is added to an HTML start tag.


    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

The h1 is an HTML tag that indicates a heading on a website. ... Most websites use this language to create web pages.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

img and 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
The <head> element is a container for metadata (data about data) and is placed between the <html> tag and the <body> tag. HTML metadata is data about the HTML document. Metadata is not displayed. Metadata typically define the document title, character set, styles, scripts, and other meta information.


    7. What is an id? 

The HTML id attribute is used to specify a unique id for an HTML element.

You cannot have more than one element with the same id in an HTML document.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

    ' if not at the beginning of the id. It is also a true global attribute. The definition of 'id' in that specification. Supported on all elements but <base> , <head> , <html> , <meta> , <script> , <style> , and <title> 


    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

Only once.


    10. What is a class?

    The HTML class attribute specifies one or more class names for an element 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

Universal,

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

    No limit, but one should be mindful.


    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

A link tag.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 

The required alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed. 

    15. How do I reference an id?


The id of an element is unique within a page, so the id selector is used to select one unique element! To select an element with a specific id, write a hash (#) character, followed by the id of the element.


    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

The section tag defines sections in a document like chapters, headers, footers whereas div tag defines a division in an HTML document.

    17. What is CSS used for? 

Cascading Style Sheets is a style sheet language used for describing the presentation of a document written in a markup language like HTML


    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

By Iding it with a #

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

In the CSS, a class selector is a name preceded by a full stop (“.”) and an ID selector is a name preceded by a hash character (“#”). The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.


    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

To select elements with a specific class, write a period (.) character, followed by the name of the class. You can also specify that only specific HTML elements should be affected by a class.

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.



    24. What is a pseudo selector?

A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer.


    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

    Use the line-height property in CSS to do so. Browsers by default will create a certain amount of space between lines to ensure that the text is easily readable. For example, for 12-point type, a browser will place about 1 point of vertical space between lines.


    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

    The letter-spacing property controls the amount of space between each letter in a given element or block of text. Values supported by letter-spacing include font-relative values (em, rem), parent-relative values (percentage), absolute values (px) and the normal property, which resets to the font's default.


    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

    Capitalise property


    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

Border property

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

The * selector selects all elements.

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

    CSS uses the same "block comment" syntax as the C-like languages - you start a comment with /* , and end it with */ . However, CSS is missing the "line comment" syntax that those languages have, where everything from // to the end of the line is commented out.


    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

LS

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 


. With the command prompt open, enter del /f filename , where filename is the name of the file or files 


    34. Why should I use version control? 

    Track changes, save changes, and colloborate with others

    35. How often should I commit to github?

    As often as possible.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

    Git Push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

    Fork, Git Clone, Git innit, Git Status, Git Add, Git Push