https://codepen.io/kellipierce/pen/dyYPLBg

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
       Semantic HTML provides meaning to our content, rather than just presentation.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML or Hypertext Markup Language is used to create structure and presentation of information via pages.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute is a special word that is put inside the opening tag to control an element's behavior.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is typically used for the title of a page and is the first header visible on a page.  This should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        href, title, class
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
        The <head> tag contains metadata (document title, character set, styles, links, scripts), specific information about the web page that is not displayed to the user.
    7. What is an id? 
        An id selector uses the id attribute of an HTML element to select a specific element; it selects one unique element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
       In HTML5, id attributes can be used by ant HTML tag. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        ID can only be used once in any document.
    10. What is a class? 
        Class selectors allow us to target one element or many.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Classes can be used to differentiate the styles between the heading and nav items.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        There is no limit.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Use the <a> tag with the href attribute to indicate the address of the target page.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
        The alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image if the image cannot be displayed; it provides alternative information. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        A section defines sections in a document and a div defines a division in an HTML document.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS - Cascading Style Sheets - used to define styles for web pages, including the design and layout.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        id is unique in a page and can only apply to at most one element, while class can apply to multiple elements.
        Examples of ids are: main-content, header, footer, or left-sidebar.
        Examples of class names are: tag, comment, toolbar-button, warning-message, or email.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        . followed by the name of the class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        Child Selector is used to match all the elements which are child of a specified element. It gives the relation between two elements. The element > element selector selects those elements which are the children of specific parent. The operand on the left side of > is the parent and the operand on the right is the children element.
        Descendant selector is used to select all the elements which are child of the element (not a specific element). It select the elements inside the elements i.e it combines two selectors such that elements matched by the second selector are selected if they have an ancestor element matching the first selector.
        This is useful for matching elements that are direct children of other elements, in addition to nesting and allowing for more natural development when building user interfaces.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        Pseudo selectors allow you to style elements individually.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height: 
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        uppercase:
        lowercase: 
        capitalize: 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        dir
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
        rm 
        One bust be careful because there is no warning before permanent deletion 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Version control keeps track of changes made to all files and allows us to work on a project simultaneously with a team.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Commit whenever a step is completed/when we wanted to save our place in history.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
        Student will create OWN version of Repo (Fork)
        Student will add TL as a collaborator
        Student then will Clone Repo
        Student will then create a branch (on which the student will implement the project) git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
        Student will then submit their PR into the new branch.
        Student will use their own student fork as the base (compare across forks).
        Student will add their TL as a reviewer on the PR
        TL then will count the HW as done by merging the HW back into master “STUDENT FORK”. 

        Kelli Pierce 