https://codepen.io/kpkevin47/pen/eYJKXNm?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? Defines elements better to be understood by developers. 
    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is used to build the fundementals of the web page when it comes to organizing content and sectioning the page. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attribute goes inside of an html tag and they are used to further define a tag and its action. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? h1 is used for the main tile of your page/article and should only be used once.   
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes? a tag requires the hfref attribute and img tag require the src attribute.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Meta information that won't directly display on the webpage but can help identify and launch a page. 
    7. What is an id? id is a selector in css that specifically defines a style tag or element. Is usually more specific and will override classes or inline styles. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? You can add id selectors to any tag. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Preferred to be used once on a specific tag. 
    10. What is a class? Class is another form of a selector and it helps style any element with the class that you have inserted. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? You can use classes as much as you want. 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? You can use it as many times as you want. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target='blank'
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? If the image cannot be displayed it will display the alt text instead. 
    15. How do I reference an id? with the #'id name'
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? Section is semantic and it specifies a part of a webpage while div can be used throughout the entire page to splic up the pages contents.
    17. What is CSS used for? To style webpages. 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. h2 { 
                                                                            }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. A class can be used multiple times to style multiple things the same. An id can only be used once and will override classes if the overlap. 
    If i wanted to style every h2 with the same font i would use a class but if i wanted to style only one h2 on the page i would use and id. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? with a . followed by the class name. 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p .human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? All the elements inside a parent element. Can be used when you want to select every child inside of the parent. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? a .sidebar {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? changes the styling depending on a specific state of the selector.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: lowercase/uppercase/capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? .body
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*comment*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? type pwd 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? type ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? type rm and should be careful as there will be no warning stating you will be deleting a file. 
    34. Why should I use version control? Makes it easier to iterate and collaborate on files. 
    35. How often should I commit to github?Once the changes you wanted to make are complete and ready to be sent up to the main repo. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        First fork the assignment, then you want to add the TL as a collaborator. After that you want to clone to you git. Make a new branch and then add your files. Once that is done you want to commit the new files and push it back to Git. 