Link to CodePen: https://codepen.io/kevkenshi-max/pen/gORqbMW    

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Elements that have a meaning.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Markup a web site, to structure a web site. 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute define additional information about an element, such as height, width.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    Is the heading of a website and we should used just once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
     anchor tag and img. 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    </html>

    7. What is an id? 
    Is a selector  used to identify one element. It can be used just once.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    It can be used on any HTML elements. 


    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    it can be used only once.


    10. What is a class? 
    It is a selector used to style elements with an specific attribute.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    It can be used on any HTML elemnt. 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    There is no limit.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Set the target attribute to _blank.


    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    To provide additional information of an image if for some reason you can not open it. 

    15. How do I reference an id?
    Using #nameOfTheId

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
    A section is a key area of your web page and its content will be visible for the user,  and a div is a container but does not have a semantic meaning like section does.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    To style a web page. 

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    The name of the element and we open and close brackets: 
    h2{

    }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    The id is used to identify one element and the class is used to identify more than one element. 
    We can use id when the element appears on the page just once like the header, footer. We can use a class when we want to style elements like paragraphs.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    write a period character follo byt the name of the class.
    .class{

    }

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human {

    }



    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Is a selector used to select all elements that are direct child of an specified element. For example:
    div > p {
    background-color: lightblue;
    }

    It is useful to get the relation between two elements.


    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a:link{

    }


    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Is a selector used to define a special state of an element. For example: style an element when they are being hovered. 

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    Use If is HTML use <br> tag and if is CSS you could use the line-height property.


    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    You could use the letter-spacing property.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    You can use the text-transform property 


    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    Using the universal selector
    *{

    }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* Text */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd


    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls nameOfTheFolder

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm. I need to be careful using the rm command because it does not ask for permission when deleting a file and once is gone is not coming back. 


    34. Why should I use version control? 
    To keeo track of all changes  and everybody on the team is able to work freely on any file at any time.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Whenever you finish a step.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. Fork the REPO.
        2. Add your TL as  collaborator.
        3. Clone your REPO.
        4. Create the branch that you will be working on.
        5. Push your new branch up to GitHub and make all future pushes to that branch.
        6. Add your TL as a reviewer on the PULL request. 


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    An inline element doesn't start a new line. 

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    The element is positioned relative to its first positioned ancestor element.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    using inline-block element. 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    <div>, <h1>..<h6>, <section>

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    It is a box that wraps every element.
