link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/Kevyloo/pen/BadRWod
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    it gives meaning to our markup for machines and screen readers.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    to build structure to a website.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    it provides extra information on an element/object.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 tag is used for the most important text on the page. it should be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    the anchor tag and the image tag.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    information about the web page that is not displayed to the intended user.
    7. What is an id? 
    it's an attribute that is unique.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    all elements.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once.
    10. What is a class? 
an attribute that specifies one or more names for an element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    all elements.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    multiple times.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    by using target='_blank'
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    to describe the picture when they can't see the picture.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    # followed by an id name.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a 
    section means that the content inside is grouped thematically while div marks up a generic block with no associated meaning.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    is to make the design and display of the web page.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border-style: dotted;
border-width: 1px;
border-color: black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    inside /**/.
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    use pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    use ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push -u origin firstname-lastname/ branch name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork, copy url, open terminal, git clone, cd into new repo, git checkout -b branchname, open vscode using code ., work, git add ., git commit -m 'message', git push -u origin branchname, pull request(making sure i select mine to compare to main)

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

