https://codepen.io/kevinstonge/pen/ExVoBgZ


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        markup that provides information about the meaning/function of the content
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        basic visual and organizational formatting of a document
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        attributes are properties/characteristics that apply to HTML elements, they are written inside the element tag
        example: the "href" attribute is a property of the anchor tag that specifies what the anchor tag references (links to), the attribute is written inside the tag: <a href="url">anchor text</a>
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        largest heading, should be used once to give a title to the entire page
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img, a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        title element, meta tags, often links to external css/js files
    7. What is an id? 
        identifier for an element that can be used in css for high specificity style control or used in javascript for manipulation
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        anything inside of the body element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        it is supposed to identify one specific element, but it will still work if you have multiple elements with the same id (in most browsers)
    10. What is a class? 
        a css selector that can apply to multiple elements and even multiple different elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        anything inside body
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        unlimited
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target attribute
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        alternate text, if image fails to load or for screen-readers
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #idText { property: value; }
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        section is semantic, it conveys structural meaning about the document for search engines and screen readers
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        visually styling a document
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 { property: value; }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        id is highly specific and should be used to select a single element on the page
        class is more general and can apply to muleiple elements on the page.
        you might have a 'emphasize' class that you can apply to multiple spans in your document
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .className { property: value; }
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human { property: value; }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        if you only want to apply a style to elements that are children of other elements, you can use parent/child notation:
        nav a { property: value; } // only applies to anchors within the nav element
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div.sidebar a { property: value; }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        selectors that aply to special states of elements (e.g., hover)
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transfoorm: uppercase|lowercase|capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div { border: 1px dotted black; }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * { property: value; }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*comment*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd - current working directory
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm, no warning
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    lots of reasons, but it really helps with recovering from broken code
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        when a functional block of code is completed and working and doesn't appear to have broken anything
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push <remote> <branch>
        example: git push origin master
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork the lambda repo, add tl as collaborator, clone to your computer, branch -> firstName-lastName, pull-request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        block elements will occupy their own horizontal space (new line) and will not usually fill the width of the page
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        you can specify the exact location in the window where the element is located
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    max-width
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    block: div, p, h1
    inline: span, img
    inline-block: button

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    box model: every visual element is represented by a box with a border, margin, and padding
    the 'fix' is to perform a css reset by manually applying default margin/padding/border to all elements that you want to work with.