LINK TO CODEPEN: https://codepen.io/CSCK/pen/povZRMv?editors=1100



QUESTIONS:

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	A way of universally describing the meaning of the markup by using standardized tags

    2. What is HTML used for? 
	Building the layout of a webpage

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	An attribute is a modifier added to an element

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	For creating a header, normally only once - if you have two Primary sections it may be better to separate them into two different pages

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	img, link both require src

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	Headers usually contain the title, and any meta information such as links to style sheets or defining the viewport

    7. What is an id? 
	An id is an attribute, normally used for navigation and styling purposes

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	All of them

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	There is no technical limit, although if being used for navigation, only once

    10. What is a class?
	A class is an attribute used for styling

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	All of them

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	As many as you'd like, many elements will reuse the same class for consistency and reducing redundancy in the CSS

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	By using the "target" attribute

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	As a backup if an image cannot be loaded, or if sight accessibility is being used it serves as a descriptor for the impaired user

    15. How do I reference an id?
	#

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	Section implies that the grouping of sub elements are both related to each other and separate from things outside of it, 
	while a div is generic and only inherets meaning from its attributes.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
	Styling

    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	In the context of CSS: h2 { }
	In the context of JS/JQuery: document.getElementsByTagName()

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	Both can be used for styling, but IDs are also used for navigation. A class will normally be repeated frequently, while IDs are generally one time use
	either for navigation and specificity.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.className { }

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p.human { }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	A selector with more than one class, is useful for when multiple child elements share the same parent but need additional unique attributes

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div.sidebar a { }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	it is an add on to any selector to further specify under what circumstances a particular styling should be in effect or take precedence over the same selector
	without the psuedo selector. i.e: p:hover { }

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height: ;

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing: ;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div { 
	  border: dotted black 1px;
	}

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
	* { }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	By looking at it...? Not sure I understand the question. Was this meant to say directory instead of file? or if you opened a file
	using the vim command then the file name is displayed at the bottom, but you would have typed the file name in the first place so...
	Maybe the question is asking something else entirely and I just dont understand? :x

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls or dir

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm - because it deletes it rather than moving to trash

    34. Why should I use version control? 
	To avoid having an entire separate copy for each change, and so you can easily revert back if necessary, fix and find bugs, etc...

    35. How often should I commit to github?
	Frequently whenever you've made some progress, and if working on a team you should make sure that you test your code before comitting so it doesn't break everyone
	elses work when they download it

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push -u origin firstname-lastname

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	Fork, Add TL Collaborator, Clone, Branch, (do work), Push, Pull, Add TL to review
STRETCH QUESTIONS:

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	A block element starts on a new line, while inline elements are nested inside block elements

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
	It is positioned relative to its parent, if it has no parent then it is positioned relative to the document body

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
	elementSelector { 
	width: fit-content;
	min-width: 500px;
	}

    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	Block: div, p, h1 | Inline: textarea, input | Inline-Block: button

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
	The box model is a way of defining the size of an element. Going in order from inside out: content, padding, border, margin. Each one encompassing its predecessor
	and each having their own dimmensions which can have unintended effects

	My preferred solution is using a framework

