	
    Link to codepen: https://codepen.io/maketaller/pen/MWYayXq	


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
       Making meaning from content.

    2. What is HTML used for?
       Structuring content to be built upon. 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
       An attribute provides additional information an element.
       It is placed on to the right of the element declaration.
      

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
       The h1 tag contains the title of the page.
       Is usually the first tag to be viewed by both humans and search engines. 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
       An anchor tag requires a href.
       An image tage requires a source.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
       It is a container for the html metadata.
       Information about the html document itself.

    7. What is an id? 
       An id is a unique identifier that represents a html element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
       An id can be used with any Html element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
       The id tag can only be used one time.

    10. What is a class? 
       A class is used to group elements to be given the same properties.
       
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
       A class can be used with any HTML element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
       There is no limit.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    	Add a target = "blank" attribute to the anchor tag.

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    	An alt tag provides a text alternative for the search engines instead of an image.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    	An id can be referenced be using the # symbol.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    	Sections are treated as a grouping of content, whereas div does not provide such definition.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    	Cascading Styles Sheets are used to modify content into created in the Html document.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page Use the element name e.g. h2  with a { }  enclosed with the desired properties.  19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one A Ids are unique classes are not unique. 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    	We may select classes with the . operator.
    
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    	p.human{} I belive.
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    	Parent child selectors are used to select a specific parent. Accoring to some this is ineffient. 
	The possible uses may be in having the ability to select a specific child of a given parent.
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    	div.sidebar 
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    	A pseudo selector is used to change the state of an element.
    
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    	The line-height property provides such functionality.
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    	The letter-spacing property provides such functionality.
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    	The text-transform property provides such functionality the repective action , uppercase, lowercase,Capitalize.
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

    	div.dotted{
		border-style:dotted;
		border-size:1px;
		color:black;
	}
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    	*{}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    	/* This is a comment!  */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    	pwd = print working directory

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    	ls = list 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    	rm is the command. Be careful because it will permanantly delete files.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    	To keep a major issues from creeping up into production codebases.
	To keep record of who what and when changes are being made.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    	As the code changes the behavior, as the code is refactored, and as the code is added to.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    	git push origin kirk-tolliver

    37. Walk me through Lambda's' git flow. 
	-- Fork
	-- github repository settings -> add TL as collaborator
	-- git clone into a local file using your terminal
	-- in terminal in cloned file create a branch -> `git checkout -b "firstname-lastname"`
	-- make a small change to project ->  `git add .` ->  `git commit -m "message"`  -> `git push origin firstname-lastname`
	-- go back to Github repo, click compare & pull request button
	-- click base fork: dropdown -> select `firstname-lastname/project-name`
	-- click reviewers button, add me `NOTE: If your TL's doesn't pop up when you type it in for reviewer it's because they haven't accepted your collaborator invite.
	-- click create pull request
	-- 
	-- NOT CLICK MERGE PULL REQUEST. The TL will be the only person to do this,
	-- will only do it after they've confirmed you've met MVP.
	-- Head back over to your project and start working. `add` `commit` `push origin firstname-lastname` every time you finish a feature.
	-- Once MVP is complete make a commit with the commit message "mvp complete."

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    	Block elements take up the entire width of the page. Inline elements focus on a specific piece of content.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    	Any element in that position is move in order to make way for the absolute positioned object.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 

