https://codepen.io/klove-adams/pen/wvJpLPp?editors=1100
1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic html are html tags that are both human and machine readable. Examples include header, footer, and address.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
HTML is for creating web pages.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Attributes are used to define properties in a given tag. It is placed in the opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
H1 is used for titles.
Once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes.
img, iframe.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
The <head> element is a container for metadata (data about data) and is placed between the <html> tag and the <body> tag.
    7. What is an id? 
Is an attribute.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
div, h1-6, p, section, button, a...
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Once.
    10. What is a class? 
Class is a attribute that lets you group together elements that you want to effet with CSS.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
div, h1-6, p, section, button, a...
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
As meany as you need.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
The target attribute set to _blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
It is used to add alternet text.
    15. How do I reference an id?
#id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
The section element represents a section of a web page.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
 CSS is used to style your web page.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
 h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
  An ID can only be used to to identify a single HTML element while you can use a class multiple times.  
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
  By putting a period in front of the class name and following it with curly brackets. 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
   .human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    The parent > child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. When you want to select all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
  .sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    It is a keyword added to a selector to define a special state for the selected elements.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    Line-height: x;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    Letter-spacing: xpx;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border-style: dotted; 
	border-width: 1px; 
	border-color: black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    by using /* before the comment and */ after the comment.
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm. So I do not remove things that I want to keep. 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    You shoud use version contrrol because it lets you keep track of changes and allows every team member to be working 
		from the same version independently.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    you shoud commit frequently.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1. Create your own version of the repo by forking it. 2. Add your collaborator. 3. Clone your repo 4. Create a branch 
		5. Push your new branch to GitHub and publish future pushes to that Branch. 
		6. Add your collaborator as a reviwer on the Pull Request.
