https://codepen.io/lance_smith/pen/dyyVYRQ?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic HTML are elements that define their function in their name.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML describes the structure and function of a website and tells a browser how to display and interact with the content.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attributes are additional information provided to an element to make it function. Attributes go in the element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        H1 is a header tag and is used to present the title of a page or most important part of the page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img and a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
        <!DOCTYPE html> and <html>
    7. What is an id? 
        A signifier that you declare in an element that can be called later by CSS.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Any element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Once.
    10. What is a class? 
        A signifier that you declare in an element that can be called later by CSS.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Any element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Add the attribute [target="_blank"]
    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
        It's used in images to replace an image that can't be displayed with text.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        In CSS, using a #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Section implies that the content within it is related, where as a div is used purely for styling purposes.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Styling HTML.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {<attributes go here>}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class can be defined on many elements where as an ID would only be a single element. If you had several h2 elements, but you wanted one specifically to be a different style you'd use an ID. If you wanted several sections to be formatted the same, you'd use a class.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        > selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. For styling unordered lists.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div.siderbar a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A selector that specifies a state of the selected element, such as hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letting-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform:uppercase, lowercase, captialize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div {
        border:1px dotted black;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * {

        }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /** **/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        cd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm "filename" and because you can never get it back. It's just gone.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        To collaborate more effectively with others and hold on to previous versions in the event of catastrophic failure.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Frequently. Not after every change, but at least every twenty or so minutes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork the repo, add your PM as a collab, clone your repo, create a branch with your name, submit your pull request on your branch, add your pm as a reviewer, submit your work

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        margin:0 auto;
        width:100%
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 

