  Finished CodePen URL: https://codepen.io/LPJensen/pen/WNGwmaL?editors=1100
  * sorry, I had already submitted this URL in the assignment space before seeing 
  Brit Hemming's lecture on these assignments * 

  
  1. What is Semantic HTML? 
  Tags to organize your code

    2. What is HTML used for? 

    It is used to create structure to your code.



    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

    Items such as links to pictures, that we don't want to be seen on the page



    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

    h1 is used to tag the header, it can be used once ( or I belive as many times as you want something to look the same as the h1)



    5. Name two tags that have required attributes 

    An Image or a button



    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

    The title



    7. What is an id? 

    A title for only 1 element.



    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

    divs



    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

    An id can be used once



    10. What is a class? 

    A title for multiple elements



    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

    divs



    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

    Multiple times



    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

    Use an anchor tag



    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 

    To label the image



    15. How do I reference an id?

    With a hashtag 



    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

    Section separates parts of a document like headers and footers, a div separates block elements 



    17. What is CSS used for? 

    To style the HTML



    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

    by typing h2 and then {} 



    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    An id can only be used once, so I would think you would use it on something that isn't going to be duplicated or changed often in your code. 
    Unlike class, which you can use multiple times. So you would use on something you may need to change on multiple 
    parts of identical code



    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

    With a period



    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

    p {}




    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

    unsure



    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

    unsure



    24. What is a pseudo selector?

    A hover



    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

    line-height: ; 



    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

    letter-spacing



    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

    text-transform: uppercase;
    " : lowercase;


    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

    div {
        border-width: 1px;
        border-color: black;

    }



    29. How do I select everything on the page?

    *



    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

    // comment 



    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?

    pwd



    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

    ls



    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

    rm You need to be careful because sometimes there is no warning before you erase something you may need 




    34. Why should I use version control? 

    To keep a copy of the work you have done 



    35. How often should I commit to github?

    When you are preparing to push your work



    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

    git push -u origin (name) 

    

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

    -fork
    -add PM
    -clone
    -cd 
    -branch
    (work on your code) 
    -add . your work
    -commit
    -push
    -compare and pull request
    -comment
    -create pull request 


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

    Block elements are stacked on top of eachother, meaning they take up the whole line and you can not add anything to 
    their sides. Inline elements can be side by side or even a part of the same space. 

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
     
    unsure

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    Make it a block element

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    Buttons and text are ones I am pretty sure are block

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    The box model is a way to imagine the items fitting in the area you are working with. By moving around the 
    padding, margin and borders you are able to move your items around and give them boundaries to stick to. 