https://codepen.io/beachfern/pen/VwjpoVg?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Semantic HTML is using tags that area also descriptors.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	Accessibility, and also to make your code clear for yourself and other collaborators later.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
	An attribute provides additional info about elements -- and goes inside the opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	h1 is used only once on the page, because it identifies the main header.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	link, img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	Metadata, links to external sheets, etc.
    7. What is an id? 
	An id is an attribute that points to a specific element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	Any and all!
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	Only once.
    10. What is a class? 
	A class is an attribute that points to a group of elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	Any and all!
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	No limit.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	add the attribute target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
	It describes the image in case it doesn't load, or for screen readers.
    15. How do I reference an id?
	#id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	A section is semantic and a div isn't! Sections are generally sections that are visual on the page, whereas a div is used mainly for our own grouping purposes.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	CSS makes a page look pretty! It takes all the elements that were added through HTML and tells them how to look and act.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	A class can be used many times on a page, and is generally used for stylistic purposes. An ID can only be used once on a page and is typically used to help identify a location on the page (i.e. "top")
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.class {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p.human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	This would be useful to target elements within an element, if they don't have a class or id. For example, if you want to target all the p elements within a section with id "greatSection". #greatSection p {}
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div.sidebar a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	A pseudo selector is used to define a special state of an element. Such as :hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform: uppercase/lowercase/capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div {border: 1px dotted black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	Universal selector *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
	pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm <file> - be careful because there is no warning prompt
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	Tracking bugs!
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	Often! It's like saving a text document as you write an essay.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	fork Lambda's repository. Clone it. Create a new branch called "first-last". Do the assignment/make changes. Add, Commit, Push the changes to our own branch. Create a Pull Request.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	Inline elements only take up the amount of space they need. Block elements take up the entire width of the parent element.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
	It will always stay static on the page, even when scrolling.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
	display: inline-block;
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	display block by default: headings (h1-6), div, p
	display inline by default: span, a
	display inline-block by default: button
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
	The box model is the padding, border and margin around each element which dictates the layout of the page. The fix is using flex box!