 https://codepen.io/slaterboy89/pen/YzwzqrY?editors=1100
 
 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 elements that describes markups
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    used to create whats displayed 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    provides additional information about a certain element and is specified at the start tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is usually for the most important data on the page. Usually h1 tags are used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    the img and href attributes
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <html> <head>
    7. What is an id? 
    provides a unique id for a specific element 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any html element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    1
    10. What is a class? 
     provides a unique class for a specific element but can be used on several elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    as many as needed 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    set the target attribute to "_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    to specify an alternative text
    15. How do I reference an id?
    with a #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is used to define sections such as head, footer, body and div is used to define a section.
    17. What is CSS used for?
    for styling html 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    with a selector(h2{ })
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    you might use a class for paragraphs as those are usually edited the same. You might use an id for your header as spacing, size and other edits tend to be different from everything else on the page.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    the class selector .<nameofclass>
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    It selects all elements that are within that specific parent element. For example, you needed to edit an h2 element but it was in a class.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a selector used to specify a specific state of the selected element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{border-style: dotted; border-color: black; border-width: 1px;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    start and end with /*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls -la
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    del filename
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    it allows you to manage files over time and also great for collaborations
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    everytime you make a change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
     git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    fork, add tl as collab, clone repo, use cd to get to location, clone repo to directory,  checkout, add, commit , push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 