    
    https://codepen.io/AragonR/pen/VwvYVVW

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML is the grammer used when coding HTML.
    
    2. What is HTML used for?
    HTML is a computer language used to make websites. 
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes define additional characteristics or properties of the element such
    as width and height of an image.
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    Its used to showcase the title of the website, it helps google with SEO and 
    should only be used once.
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes.
    The A tag and the IMG tag.
    
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    The H1 tag and nav bar.
    
    7. What is an id? 
    Its a way to identify a tag.
    
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    Any tag. 
    
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    1 time

    10. What is a class? 
    a class is a way to identify, similar to ID.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    The same elements you can add an ID to.
    
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    multiple.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add a target="_blank" attribute to your links.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed. 

    15. How do I reference an id?
    using # {} in the css file.
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
    The section tag defines sections in a document like chapters, headers, footers whereas div tag defines a division in an HTML document.    
    
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Its used to stylized an HTML PAGE.
    
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    you use a tag selector using the tag with brackets. Like this h2 {  }
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    to select elements with a specific class, write a period (.) character

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p .human
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    This is used to match elements that are direct children of other elements, which is a little more precise than the traditional contextual selector.
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div .sidebar
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type  
    
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    Use the line-height property in CSS to do so.
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    The letter-spacing property is used to specify the amount of space between letters
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    The CSS text-transform Property uppercase, lower case, capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    you have to use a dotted border style
    
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    You use a universal selector.
    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    You start a comment with /* , and end it with */ .
    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    You can type in PWD in the command line. 
    
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    you use the ls command.
    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    you use rm -rf, its dangerous because this will delete once you've submitted the request.
    
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    it allows you to modify code safetly. You can roll back your changes in code to easily find errors and also this is good for team
    work.
    
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    whenever you take a break or finish a feature/section.
    
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    you use git push -u origin firstname-lastname
    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork the repo, add tl as collab, clone the repo, make a personal branch and switch to it, work on your project, commit all changes,
    then push your personal branch, at the end you create a pull request.