https://codepen.io/lilia-1989/pen/XWjdYbE
 1. What is Semantic HTML?  it is correct use of HTML to reinforce the meaning of content on a web page
    2. What is HTML used for? it allows the user to create and structure sections, paragraphs, headings, links for web pages 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? it is a special word used inside the openning tag to control the elements behaviour.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? it is used for a title of a page. It should be used only once on a page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes "img" and "a"
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <!DOCTYPE html>
    7. What is an id? its purpose to identify the element when linking, scripting, or styling with CSS
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any html tags
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 1
    10. What is a class? it is an extensible program-code for creating objects
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any html tags
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many as needed
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? just add a target= "_blank" attribute to your links
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? if the img can not be displayed, the alt attribute provides alternative info
    15. How do I reference an id? with "#"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? section defines sections in document (chapters,headers,footers). Div is used to group block-elements.
    17. What is CSS used for? to style documents
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page  h2 {...}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. id can apply to one element and class to multiple ex. <div id = "">, <section class = "">
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? we select them with "."
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? <p class = "human">
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. it is used to identify each component uniquely 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? nav-div
    24. What is a pseudo selector? it is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? "line-height" property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?"letter-spacing" property
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: uppercase, lowercase, capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted #000000;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? put everything inside the <body> tag
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* comment*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? you can see a $ sign and blinking cursor
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? use the "dir" command
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? enter del/filename. have to be careful because its permanent
    34. Why should I use version control? helps teams solve all kind of problems
    35. How often should I commit to github? i like to commit changes every 30-60 min
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push command
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. create your own version of Repo, add your title as collaborator,clone your ripo, create a brunch,push your new brunch to github and make all future pushes to that brunch, add your title as a reviewer on the Pull request.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
