Codepen:  https://codepen.io/larcangel/pen/abmNPop?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? It gives meaning to the webpage.

    2. What is HTML used for? Describes the structure of inormation on the web.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? It defines additional information
       and its always specified in the start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
       The heading.  If there are multiple headings in a page, you could use it more than once, as long as it's not being overused.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
       image anchor
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
       metadata
    7. What is an id? an attribute that specifies a unique id and can only be used once.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? none, you can only use it once
    10. What is a class? an attribute which specifies one or mor class names 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any!
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? multiple times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? href=""
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? For visual impaired. It describes what the image looks like. 
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?  Section defines sections in a document like chapters.  Div, defines a division or section in a document.
    17. What is CSS used for? Styling HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page? h2
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. Class is used for syling and used for multiple elements.  Id is used once and specific for one element.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?  .element
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.  Use it when you want to be specific.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?  .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? selects elements that are in a specific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?  line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?  letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform:  uppercase; lowercase; capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px; color: black; outline-style: dotted;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? start /*   End */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm, because there is no warning. once its entered, its gone.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?  Big inputs or every 15-20min.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin branch-name 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        
        1. Create repo, fork project
        2. Your name should be on repo after being forked
        3. Add your TL as a collaborator on your forked repo
        4. Clone your repo using githubs "clone or download" button
        5. Back to Cli, use the cd command to go to the directory to clone your project into a file you want.
        6. Use the git clone + link
        7. cd repo-name command
        8. Create branch.  git checkout -b "firstname-lastname"
        9. Start work
        10. Git add .
        11. Git commit -m "helpful message"
        12. Push changes.  git push -u orging branch-name
        13. Go back to your forked project repo on github
        14. Click Branch, click your name.  click new pull request.
        15. Make sure base: master compare:  your name
        16. Request review, click TL's name
        17. Create pull



    Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
       A block element always starts on a new line and takes up the full width available.  Inline element does not start on a new line and only takes up as much width as necessary.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
       It no longer exists in the normal document layout flow.  It allows to create an isolated element. A mind of its own.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    utilizing margins and padding


    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

