 https://codepen.io/lonnidzineku/pen/ExNMLgZ?editors=1100
 1. What is Semantic HTML? elements tht describe the meaning to the browser and developer.
    2. What is HTML used for? standard web markup language
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? provide additional info about an HTMl element. goes in the start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? headlines How many times should I use it on a page? Once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes href and src
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <html>
    7. What is an id? unique attribute
    8. What elements can I add an id to? HTML elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? points to a class name on in css
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Semantic
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? unlimited
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? _blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? provides alternate text when pic won't display
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div. section? Div groups elements for css, section blocks content for html.
    17. What is CSS used for? styling the page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page in <>
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. id can only be used once, it is very specific. class can be used several times 
    If you want to style only the header or footer, use id, if you want to style several p's in the body the same way, use class.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? with a . before the name of the class.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? . <p class="human">;
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. It is useful when you want to style the children of an element with say a certain color.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div.sidebar a: and what ever you wanted done
    24. What is a pseudo selector? a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element(s). For example, :hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height in CSS
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? The CSS text-transform property is the key to managing text uppercase and lowercase rendering
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border-width: 1px; border-style: dotted; border-color: black;
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? $ pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? $ rm <file> careful not to delete the wrong thing
    34. $Why should I use version control? keeps track of changes.
    35. How often should I commit to github? a few times an hour.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork, clone, create a new branch, push your new branch.