<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

https://codepen.io/lorenzo-corleone-gallo/pen/wveNwGN?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    is used to mark up and reinforce the meaning

    2. What is HTML used for?  
    Structuring the website.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    are epeecial tags like src and href


    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    Heading 1 and its the biggest size and should be used once for the title

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img src and a href

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    header

    7. What is an id? 
    in the section to label the name of the section or elements
    
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any but one per element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    1

    10. What is a class? 
    id is single and class is multiple 


    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    div and section

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    unlimited 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    _blank

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    img description

    15. How do I reference an id?
    anchor with href and "#-"

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    div is non Semantic

    17. What is CSS used for?
    style for the page 

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Id will only be for one element like hrefs. and class can be used for multiple like a list.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class {

    }   

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p .human{

    }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Other elements within an element. When you need to select an element inside an element 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div{

    }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    something that is being hovered on

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height


    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: -

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px;
        border-style: dotted;
        
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {

    }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm... you can delete important files by accident 

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    multiple versions and ability to back up

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every time you edit a git

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork the git.
    clone the git
    Check out the git
    git add
    git commit
    git push -u
    pull request 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 