https://codepen.io/EnclosedLetter/pen/GRJpoZo?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML is used to give HTML meaning, and to make it easy to identify what you are doing such as a p tag.
    2. What is HTML used for?
    HTML is used to create websites that allows you to add images and links to other sites, like a skeleton for a body.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute tells us what the element will be about, and gives it structure, sure as an a will make an anchor element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is the "most important" heading and it should just be used once, can be used more than once, but not to the point where it gets redundent.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    a for anchor needs a href attribute, and an img tag needs a src attribute to import the image.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    we used the <head> element
    7. What is an id? 
    An id is something you name to be more specific so you can refer to it later in CSS to edit the context.
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    You can add an id too all elements, but you can only add one, and they have be different names.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    Once 
    10. What is a class?
    A class refers to many items, this is useful in CSS to refer to the things you want to change.
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    You can add a class to all elements 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    You can use it multiple times 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    you use target_"blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
    It is used as a holder in case your image isn't rendering, it gives a description of the picture 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    You use a #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section refers to a part of the HTML, a div is used to group block elements, things that will be in a block moving together.
    17. What is CSS used for?
    CSS is used to "decorate" your website, change font texts etc 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {
    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class can refer to a lot of items, an ID is a lot more specific. id="aboutText" class="paragraphTexts"
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    use a period before the class name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human{
    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A parent child selector selects all the children of that parent. This will be useful when you want to get something that is nested in somehting else.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    You would first refer to the div if you assigned and ID to it, and use a perioud then sidebar to refer to those classes of sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Pseudo selectors terget items that get hovered over, or select text, for example, to make the first letter capital.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height to change the spacing between lines, or padding
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    The letter spacing property.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    You would use text-transform property to do this.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    You would first target that div, and add a border of 1px, you may also have to. with width
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    You would use the * tool
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    To add a comment start with /* , and end it with */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    You would use --user-data-dir
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    You would use the ls commant line
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    git rm -r , you have to be careful because you can delete direcetories and you can't get them back
    34. Why should I use version control?
    It help you go back to when your code worked
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Whenenver you have made a change you want to save
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    push -u origin "name of repo"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    Create your own repo (by forking), invite your TL as a collaborator so they can merge your work, clone your repo so it goes into your local system, create a 
    branch with your first and last name, push your branch to github, get a pull request for your TL to reveiw your work.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Block elements create new lines, and block elements cannot be put inside of line elements. Block elements cause a line break, inline elements don't.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    If their position is absolute, it is in a fixed position and cannot be moved.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
    You would use the width and height selectors to select the amount of height you want it to be, and you can then also change the width.
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    p, h1, and ul./ img, a, and input. / button
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
    The box model is a box with many different elements in it such as borders, different border types, and different colors. This model is used to practice and see how you can 
    manipulate the box with CSS. 



   --> 