Codepen link for Git-for-Web-Development: https://codepen.io/programking/pen/yLyQYep?editors=0100


 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML is readable markup for organizing content. 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
HTML is used for organizing content and giving it a name where it can be accessed.  
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
An attribute is a html 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
The h1 tag is a header tag and should be used once on a page I belive for SEO reasons. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
The a tag and the input tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Meta information.
    7. What is an id? 
An id is a selector for one element. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Any element. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
1
    10. What is a class? 
A class is a selctor to use on multiple elements. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to?  
Any.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
As many times as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
Set the target attribute to _blank.
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
It is used for when images don't load or the source to an image is corrupt. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
Using the #.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
A section is used for a bunch of divs while a div contains a bunch of other HTML tags. 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
CSS is used for marking up your HTML and styling it. 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
You select an element in CSS. If you want to select all h2 then you would simply type: h2 {}.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
An ID selects one specific element while a class selects multiple elements. If you want all your span tags to be red then you would use a class. But if you want one paragraph to be blue then you would use the id selector.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
useing a .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    You would use p.human {} or you can just type .human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
A parent child selector is a way of calling a element without using a class or id. This is useful when you have to do simple stuff.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
You would type: .sidebar a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
A selctor that access an element in a specific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
The CSS property line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? The CSS property letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
The CSS property text-transform.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
The CSS property Border like so: div { border: dotted black; }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
Using the * selector.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* THis is a comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
It will be at the front of where you are typing. 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
The ls command. 
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
 rm -a You have to be careful with this cause once you remove it, it's not coming back. 
    34. Why should I use version control?
 It helps with workflow and teams. 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
Whenever your have finished your project.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push <Link>
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
You fork the repo you are working on. Create a new branch and the add, merge, and push your changes after you add your TL as a collaborator. 
