1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 its something that gives meaning to text 
2. What is HTML used for? 
  HTML is used to contruct the web page
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
  An attribute is what give your element value for where you can do more things from. We put it inside the element after the element name.
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    You only use the h1 tag once per page. It is used for the most imporant text on your page.
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    <src> element tag
    <a> element tag
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    We put the title, meta data, and link stylesheets
7. What is an id? 
    Id is to specify an element from the rest
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any element can have an ID
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Only one unque element name per tag, there can be multiple id but cant be the same name.
10. What is a class? 
    A class, classifies elements give them certain uses that can effect a whole group of classess
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any element can have classes
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many as you want per page
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    you add an attribute called target with a value of _blank
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    They are used to describe the photo if it cant load and for screen readers
15. How do I reference an id?
    in html within your element tag you create an ID attribute with a unque value name
    in css you use the octothorp or the pound symbol (#) followed by the unique id value that you want to select
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is an html5 semantic element tag that give meaning to your web page and search engines. divs are just a container to group items together like the section element tag but has no meaning.

17. What is CSS used for? 
    css is used for styling html elements on the webpage
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    we  would have to use the selector which would be the h2 folowed by the curcly brakets {}
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    class are used to select multiple elements and give them styles
    id are used to select an individal element and give them style or a purpose
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    we need to start the selector with a dot(.) and after that the class name
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    we have to select the p followed by a space and the class name which is .human followed by the curcly brakets( {} )
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    the parent child selctor selects all the items that are the children of the the parent elment. And it wont select things that would be children of the child elements inside the paraent element
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div .sidebar a {}
24. What is a pseudo selector?
    it allows elements to have a special state added onto it.
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-spaceing property
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing property
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform property
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black
29. How do I select everything on the page?
    With the start symbol (*)
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    A comment would be /* comment */
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm (filename)
34. Why should I use version control? 
    So then you can go back in time to a copy that worked before you made any changes
35. How often should I commit to github?
    Everytime i completed a goal
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u orgin (branch)
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    You go to the lambda project in github
    You fork it 
    Grab github link that you forked
    open commend line
    Go to the folder you want to download the project in
    Do git clone (github url)
    CD into that folder
    Do git checkout -b 'name'
    Then mess around once when you are done
    Do git add .
    Do git commit -m 'Message'
    Do git push -u orgin "branch"
    then go to github and go to your repository click on main and select your branch
    then go to pull request and create a pull request make sure it will be towards the main branch and the you have a reviewer that is your PM
 
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        inline element = is not a block level element and doesnt take up the full width only the width of content and doesnt create a new line
        block element = takes up the whole width and is a block level element and create a new line
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        when element is positioned absolutele it will only be able to move around in its parent element that has a position reletive.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        you give it a max width property?
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        block elements 
            h1
            p
            div
        inline element 
            a 
            strong 
        inline-block element
            img
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
        Box model is basically a model of a block in the html 
        a box model has a margin that the outer most level of the block 
        a border that is around the padding and after the margin 
        padding that provides space between the contetent and the border
        and the content 
        The fix would be to give all the elements a property of box-sizing:border-box; value


My Code Pen Link:
https://codepen.io/crispysandwhich/pen/oNxRYGd