
Project link

https://codepen.io/maddyzablocki/pen/JjjrROP


1. What is Semantic HTML? Using the tags that have meaning, ex: <p> <h1>-<h6>, etc
    2. What is HTML used for? It lays out the content that users see on a webpage
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? h1 is used for the most important content on a webpage
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: input & link tag & image tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? we put the meta data, script and style sheets, etc
    7. What is an id? an attribute of an element that acts as a unique identifier
    8. What elements can I add an id to? sections, divs, everything in the body
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? reusable tag that you can apply styles to
    11. What elements can I add a class to? almost any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many times as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? set the target = __blank
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? if you have an image, it is alternative text to show if the image doesn’t show
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div: a section is more semantically meaningful than a div
    17. What is CSS used for? styling
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page: use the tag name, no . or #
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one: a class can be reused on more than one element, an id can only we used once. class: <h1 class “Iwantallh1tohavethisstyle”>, <div id “logo”>
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? you use a .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? its the >, it will apply styles to something when it is the direct child of a certain character . It would be helpful when styling a list
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div.sidebar a open {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? :hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted #black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? //
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm, and be careful because it doesn’t go to your trash or warn you, it just deletes it
    34. Why should I use version control? so i can save versions
    35. How often should I commit to github? pretty often
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
git status
git add
git commit
git push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? inline element will allow other elements to align and flow with it. a block element takes up all of the horizontal space. all other elements are returned
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? It is positioned absolutely to the closest relatively positioned parent
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 