https://codepen.io/ManuelVega1877/pen/qBEyVwj?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for?
html is used to create the "skeloton" of a website.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    attributes are what we use to describe an element

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    the h1 tag is used for the main header, we should only use it once for the main title.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    The img tag and a tag

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    a header

    7. What is an id? 
    a "name" you give to make an element specific

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any as long as theyre each unique

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    0 times it should be only given to specific elements

    10. What is a class? 
    a class is soemthing you use to when you have multiple eleements
    that all require the same styling

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many times as you need it

    13. How do= I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add target="_blank" to your href attribute

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    it selects other things to load if the main one cannot

    15. How do I reference an id?
    by using the # symbol 

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    sections are used to determine different parts of a site while divs divide up content for styling purposes

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    css is used to style html

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    you write h2 {styling properties}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    a class can have multiple different elements while an id should be used with one element with unique id
    whenever an id is needed you. could use a class to name a section you need to syle, and an id to style something 
    like one of multiple h2 tags 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class example: .FirstP

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    a selector that selects all elemnts that a child of a direct element

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector creates a style when an element is used in a certain way

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    p {
        line-height:30px;
        }

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    p {
        letter-spacing: 4px;
    }

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    uppercase, lowercase, Capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border:1px dotted black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    using the universal selector (*)

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    using the (//)
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    by typing the command (ls)

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    using the command (ls)
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    use the (rm) command, you should be careful because there are no safteys put in place, once its
    entered whatver you wanted to remove is gone for good.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    you should use version control to always have your stable version
    available if anythign happens to your new code.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    about every 20 minutes or when you do something that is significant 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    (git push -u)

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork the repo
    add your collaborator
    clone your repo
    create your branch
    push your branch 
    add your tl as a reviewer.
