This is the link to the codepen for part 2 

https://codepen.io/marcel-rodriguez/pen/ZEJKpMg?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    semantic html gives meaning to our markup and screen readers.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    html is to structure the website. like the actual concrete building with no paint just bland.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes in html gives the browser more information about that specific tag. for example an href on a link it gives it the functionality to visit the specific url.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 tags are mainly for the main title. You can use it more than once but you should really use it for your main title.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    <a></a>  <link>

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <footer></footer>

    7. What is an id? 
    id is a selector used for tags that you want to have the highest specificity while styling

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    you can add id's to many things but you can't use the same id twice

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    only once.

    10. What is a class? 
    a class is a specific selector for a chunk of code which you can use later for styling the same way

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any element you want to style for example a div or a nav


    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Multiple times as long as you want to style everything you put the same class on the same way.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    <a target="_blank" href="#">click me!</a> you would use a target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    the alt attribute is usually used for screenReaders or defaulting an image if it breaks

    15. How do I reference an id?
    you would reference an id in css by adding a # sign. example #reallySpecificTarget{}

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    you don't really style sections you would style a div. a section is to group more like the top middle and bottom of a page. a div is more like to group clusters of items inside of those sections.


    17. What is CSS used for? 
    css is used for styling it's like the paint for the building to make it pretty

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    in css you would type h2{}  if you want to get more specific thats when you would start adding classes or id's

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    they are both used for styling however an id is used for more specific styling of individual items and can't be re-used whereas class can be used over and over on different items.


    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    you would select classes in css by using dot notation like .awesomeClass{} would let you style the class of awesomeClass

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    if the p tag has the class of human and it's the only thing with the class of human you can just select it by writing .human{}
    if the p tag has a class of human and other elements do have that same class but you only want to modify specifically p tags with that class you would write: p.human{}


    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    parent child would be for example a paragraph is a child of the parent which is a div.  div > p

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a{}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a psudo selector would be if you want to add any styling after the fact like a hover. example  .nav a:hover{cursor:pointer;}

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height:10px;

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing: 5px;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    you would use a * selector. Example *{}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    you would use slash star. example /* This is a comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    you would use pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    you would use the rm command. because it doesn't give you any warnings it will just delete the file.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    version control is an easy way to collaborate with other programmers and be up to date or in sync with any changes that either person makes.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    ideally every 20 minutes or every time you complete a feature.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    if it's the initial push you would use: git push -u origin Branch-Name
    if it's already been pushed before you would use: git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    first you would fork the project on github.
    then you would clone it using the ssh link inside of your selected folder in your terminal: git clone <SSH LINK>
    then you would move into the cloned repo by doing: "cd <reponame>"
    then you would create a new branch by doing: "git checkout -b Branch-Name"
    then you would open it in your editor by doing: "code ."
    after you are done edeting you would first save it in your edit then add the changes, commit those changes, and push it up to the cloud
    once you are ready to merge with your peers you would submit a pull request for review. You should not be merging repos yourself someone else should review your code and do it for you. 


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 