Link to finished code pen: https://codepen.io/yoitszelle/pen/jOwqbgR?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        It is HTML that gives meaning to our markup.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        It is the structure of our website.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute gives additional information about an element and it goes in the opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        h1 tag is used for the most important text on a page. It can only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        <a href> <src>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        <header>
    7. What is an id? 
        An id is an attribute that is unique to the whole document
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        It can be used on any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        once
    10. What is a class? 
        Class is a global attribute that allows CSS select specific elements by the class selectors or function.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        <div>, <span>, 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        as many times as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
        It adds a text description of the webpage
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Section puts all the content in a group together. Div is also grouping contents together but can be done in a section.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used for styling a website.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        id is used for single elements and can only be used once per page, example is <header>. a class can be used for multiple elements that appear on a page once or more <p>.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of "human""?
        p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        A parent child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar div a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A pseudo selector is a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: capitalize, text-transform: lowercase, text-transform: uppercase;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div{
            border: 1px dotted black;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        cd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rmdir It's important to be careful because once it is done, you cannot undo it.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        to keep track of changes
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork the repo, clone the repo, cd command to the directory you want to clone your forked repo in, git clone in that directory and paste the link, cd into the new directory, git checkout -b branch-name, work on your project, git add . to add repo changes and will prepare for commit, git commit -m 'comment' to commit your change with a comment on it to be easier for other viewers what you change, git push -u origin branch-name to push all the commit change onto GitHub, change the branch from main/master to your branch-name, click new pull request to create a pull request on your branch-name, make sure to change the base repo to your forked repo, then click 'Create Pull request'.

    Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
