https://github.com/LambdaSchool/Git-for-Web-Development-Project/pull/1258

1. What is Semantic HTML?
    to make the code easier to read and understand.
2. What is HTML used for? 
    the structure of the web page/site code.
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    attributes provide more information about the elements. Attributes are placed in the start tag.
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The <h1> tag is used for the main header/largest size. It should be used 1 time on a page. 
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img tag and a tag
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    link to css stylesheet and title element.
7. What is an id? 
    id is a HTML attribute used to specify a unique id for that element.
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    all elements can have an id.
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    An ID can only be used once on a page.
10. What is a class? 
    class is an attribute
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    A class can be added to any element.
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    multiple times
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    To give a description in case image doesn't load/ or can't be loaded.
15. How do I reference an id?
    # then name of id
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    The section tag defines a section and a div has no meaning and is not semantic/purpose.
17. What is CSS used for? 
    Styling a web page/site, making it pretty!
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {

    }
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one.
    The difference of an id and a class is an id selects just 1 element and can only be used once on a page, whereas a class can be used multiple times to group elements I want to use the same styling on. Example: <h1 id="mainHeader"> I want to style this h1 by itself. Example: <p class="sameFonts">so I can use this class on all the paragraphs on my page to selct them in css and style the same.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .sameFonts {

    }
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human {

    }
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    The parent child selector parent>child  element>element , it would be used when wanting to select & style every child element with a specific parent.
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a
24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A keyword added to a selector that allows a specific state of the element to be styled.
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    The line-height property
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing: property
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    Capitals-  text-transform: uppercase;
    lowercase-  text-transform: lowercase;
    Capitalize- text-transfor: capitalize;
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {

    }
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* message */
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls -la
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm path/to/file.ext  you want to be careful because you can not bring the file back and you could be in the wrong file either way it's gone forever.
34. Why should I use version control? 
    To be able to give a description of what was changed and what exactly was changed. To compare versions.
35. How often should I commit to github?
    After you get a section/area working or every 20 minutes or so.
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1. Fork so i have my own version of the repository.
    2. Clone the repository, to the location where I want it saved on my computer.
    3. cd into the new repo.
    4. git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' to create a new branch to do my work on. 
    5. git add . command to add the changes made and make them ready to be commited.
    6. git commit -m "message as to what changes were made".
    7. git push -u origin branch-name  this pushes all of the commits made from local machine back to github. 
    8. go back to the forked repo on github and double check I am in my forked repo/project, click on Branch:master to bring drop down menu. Click on my name-branch.
    Click on New pull request button to make a pull request on my name branch. I will be redirected to the pull request page.
    9. on the pull request page click on the drop down button that says base repository and CHANGE it to the forked repo and NOT the Lambda repo. 
    10. Open the pull request and click PULL request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a 
    width? 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 
    element that is display inline-block by default

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

