    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    It gives meaning to our mark up for machines and screen readers.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used to layout the website.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes appear after the element and before the value they are given. They discribe the element in some form or give it characteristics. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used for the main title of a web page and should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img, which will always require a src. a will always have href attribute with a value to give a link direction.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    head will hold the meta info like titles and links and wont be displayed on the actual site.
    7. What is an id? 
    id is an attribute that is extreamly specific and whatever value is given to it will only be usable once. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    It can be added to any element displayed on the page.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once.
    10. What is a class? 
    Class is a less specific form of id.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any elements displayed on the page.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many as are needed.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    <a href="" target="_blank"></a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Its used to describe the image incase the link is broke or someone is using a sreen reader.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #'id name' but no ''
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is a more semantic way to break up an html document
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to style HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class is an attribute that is reusable while id is not class could be used in all p text while id may be used for a h1 or something you want to be styled seperately
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .'class value' {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    parent>child {} this is useful in styling all child elements at once and is helpful with things like lists.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    they are selectors that can be added to other selectors to affect the state of elements like :hover 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    so its possible to use br but that is not best practice instead in CSS you can use .class {line-height}
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    .class {letter-spacing:}
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:(capitalize,lowercase)
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        outline-style:dotted;
        outline-color:black;
        outline-width:1px;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* COMMENT*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm <file> rm -r <directory> rm -f <file> and if you mistype you can remove the directory instead of file
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    It keeps track of all people working on a project and can show when a bug was introduced.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork, clone, in terminal get clone, cd, git checkout -b branch-name, code ., do project while updating, final get push, submit pull request, submit url in canvas

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 