https://codepen.io/Mjlars4/pen/oNxGNBq

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
its html that give meaning to a markup
    2. What is HTML used for? 
the structures of a website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
defines what the portion of text is, and put it before and after the text
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
to define the most important title on the page--once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
section-nav
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
header
    7. What is an id? 
identifies the name of a partivulat attribue
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
one
    10. What is a class? 
identifies an element or group of elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
as many as you want
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
as many as needed
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
_blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
gives name to image if it cant be displayed
    15. How do I reference an id?
by using #id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
sections are for generic sections of the document, while a div is used to just put things into small groups for styling
    17. What is CSS used for? 
to style the webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
class for manipulating lots of things the same way, id for one specific case on the whole website
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.class{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
shows the hierarchy of things and used to make super specific changes in css
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
something that changes the look of things when hovering
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
uppercase, lowercase, capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border: 1px dotted #000000
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
body{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/*    */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm it permanantly removes the file 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
so you can go back and see the progress of the code, and work on a previous version if it breaks
    35. How often should I commit to github?
every 20ish minutes 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
fork it, add a collaborator, clone the repo, branch it to yourself, do the assignment, then push it to github, and do a pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?  