This is my project for today:

Link to CodePen: https://codepen.io/Matt-CodePen/pen/oNNGjpJ?editors=1100

Questions:

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Meaning to tags
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	Hypertext markup, i.e content
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	attribute is an identifier that goes inside a tag. (class or id)
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	 h1 is the main header, used once per page
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	 class, id
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	<!DOCTYPE html>
    7. What is an id? 
	unique identifier
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	any element 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	once
    10. What is a class? 
	group identifer
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
	unlimited
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	unlimited, but probobably wouldnt want too
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? 
	target="blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	alternate so input aside from text
    15. How do I reference an id? 
	#
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div. 
	section is semantic
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	style
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page 
	h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. 
	Id is unique and would be used to style something once. A Clas would be used to style multiple things over a page
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? 
	.notation
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	 p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	styling something with the same class to give different markup style
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? 
	div .sidebar a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? 
	a way of referencing something without specificity like "last"
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? 
	line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? 
	letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? 
	uppercase, lowercase, capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? 
	div { border: 1px dotted black}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	* {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? 
	/*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? 
	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm -r <filename> cannot be recovered
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	to branch and update your work so you can collaborate and create repositories to streamline work and avoid breaking when creating
    35. How often should I commit to github? 
	aprox 20 min
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push origin <filename>
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	fork, clone, branch, add, commit, push, pull

Stretch Questions:
    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? 
	inline has no line break but can have things next to it. block has nothing next but space above and below
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
	that element stays in the spot regardless on content around it
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
	flex-box
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
	incorportaes margin border padding and content. problems are responsiveness, overlapping 



