Melissa Mackie
Link: https://codepen.io/Wolfaholic/pen/pooaoOJ

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML is markup that gives the page meaning and makes it easier for the page to be read, rather than just presentation. It defines the page.

2. What is HTML used for? 
HTML is mark up that is used to give structure for webpages, it is the foundation and framework on a house, so to speak. 

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Attributes modify the HTML element. 

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
It is a header tag and it really should only be used once.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
Img, it needs the source (SRC), span needs it as well or it just doesnt function.

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
we put in the metadata such as title, style, links to like css or js 

7. What is an id? 
It is a unique identifier for an element and can be used by css or js to target something specifically

8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Um...most elements can use the ID attribute, not sure what ones dont.

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
0r4ng3s0da542!

10. What is a class? 
Class is an attribute used to define equal styles for elements with the same class name.

11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Most elements will take the class attribute, again my resources really dont share what doesnt take it.

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
as many times as needed to accomplish your goal

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
URL target="_blank"

14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
it is used incase the image doesnt show up as an alt for it, it is also used for accessability purposes to define what the image is to readers.

15. How do I reference an id?
#IDNAME

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
a section conveys meaning and should appear as a part of the page in the documents outine. A div is a containter to wrap parts of the page. If it has no meaning a div should be used over section.

17. What is CSS used for? 
for styling the page and giving the dressing. If HTML is the frame and foudation, it is the curb appeal and decor.

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

h2 {
}

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? 
Class is a general selctor and may be used to select multiple items to be styled.
ID is unique and is only used once

#IDNAME can be used to give something a very specifc style over the general selectors as it has a greator weight than Class.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?

.ClassName

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

p.human

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

A B // this is used to match all elements inside the chosen parent element. This can be useful for trying to target a specific set of elements without affecting the entire page.

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
A parent child seclector would allow you to target the sidebar links only.

24. What is a pseudo selector?
psuedo classes allow the selection of elements that are in a specific state

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
We would use the line-height property

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
We would use the letter spacing property

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
The text-transform property is used to specify uppercase and lowercase letters in a text.

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

div {
 border: 1px dotted black;
}

29. How do I select everything on the page? 
Universal selector *

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
  /* comment here */


31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
The commnand line tells you what file you are in.

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

ls

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

git rm -r filename.txt

34. Why should I use version control? 
version control is a good way to monitor, track and save changes to what you are working on. Also it is like a good save in a video game. Protecting your work from unseen errors and mistakes allowing you to revert before merging it into a live project.

35. How often should I commit to github?
Often as you remember to. But definatley after each major change is complete.

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin [branch name]

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

A: Forking - Everytime we get an assignment, we are going to fork the assingment to our own repository. 
	a. make sure it is forked into my username/assignment name and it says that I forked it.
B: Collaborate - add TL to the repository as a collaborator.
	a. Settings -> Collaborators > Add TL
C: Clone
	a. copy the git url and run the command git clone [URL] so it will download
	b. 
D: Make a brank on your fork
	a. dont push to master branch
	b. label it firstname-lastname
	c. CD into Project and run checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'
	D. run git branch to verify it is right
	e. git push to branch
E: Pull Request
	a. select your branch to compare
	b. open pull request
	c. add TL as reveiwer
F: Submit Pull Request















