https://codepen.io/whilgand/pen/PooJGaj
1. What is Semantic HTML?
     Semantic HTML that has meaning and readability.
   2. What is HTML used for?
     HTML is used for the "skeleton" of a website.
   3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
     An attribute is a modifer of an element, you put them after an element
   4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
     H1 tag is used for the main title, only once
   5. Name two tags that have required attributes
     a and img
   6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
     The title
   7. What is an id?
     An attribute used to specify a unique element
   8. What elements can I add an id to?
     id can be used on any HTML element
   9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
     Only once
   10. What is a class?
     The class attribute is used to style multiple elements
   11. What elements can I add a class to?
     class can be used on any HTML element
   12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
     As many times as you need
   13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
     Put target="_blank" in the a tag
   14. What is the alt attribute used for?
     Gives alternative information for an image in case somebody can't view it
   15. How do I reference an id?
      #id
   16. What is the difference between a section and a div
     Section is used to group content that's related to a theme, div doesn't convey any meaning
   17. What is CSS used for?
     CSS is used to style what a website looks like
   18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
     h2 {}
   19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
     Classes can be used multiple times throughout the page, using ID for a certain image/video and using class for sections
   20. How do we select classes in CSS?
     .class
   21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
     .human p
   22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
     The inheretence of attributes, selecting a certain element to modify
   23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
     .sidebar div a
   24. What is a pseudo selector?
     A selector that selects elements in a certain state
   25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
     line-height
   26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
     letter-spacing
   27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
     text-transform: uppercase, text-transform: lowercase, & text-transform: capitalize
   28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
     div {
       border: 1px dotted black;
     }
   29. How do I select everything on the page?
     * {}
   30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
     /* */
   31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
     pwd
   32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
     ls
   33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
     rm, it's permanent and it doesn't make confirmation that if you really want to remove it
   34. Why should I use version control?
     Prevents overwriting code changes that someone else may have completed, keep track of development, and the possibility of restoring previous versions
   35. How often should I commit to github?
     Whenever you finish a task or feature
   36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
     git push
   37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
     Student creates a Repo and adds their TL. Student will clone that repo, then create a branch with their firstName-lastName as the title. Afterwards the student will submit their pull request into the new branch.

   1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
     Block elements are those that take up the full width available on a web page, inline elements are those who only take up as much width as is needed to display the contents of the element
   2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
     The element is removed from the normal document flow, and no space is created for the element in the page layout
   3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
     Using padding
   4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
     display block: nav, ul, p
     inline: a, img, span
   5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
     The box model is how elements in a website are positioned


  -->
