https://codepen.io/MichealNoble2014/pen/eYRxpoP?editors=0100
  1. What is Semantic HTML? 
          Semantic HTML is more descriptive tags to better describe what is happening. 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
          HTML is the language that describes the structre of a webpage. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
          An attribute defines the property of an object, element or file.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
          The h1 tag is used for the main heading on a page and should only be used one time on a page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
          src and alt are tags that require attributes.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
          We put metadata in the head of our HTML documents.
    7. What is an id? 
          ids name entities.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
          An id can be added to any element with a uniqueness.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
          You can only use the same id one time on a page.
    10. What is a class?
          Class describes contents of objects that belong to it. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
          Class can be added to any element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
          You can only use the same class one time on each page.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
         You get a link to open in a new tab by "_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
          The alt attribte in an image tag is used to describe the image.
    15. How do I reference an id?
          You use the # to reference an id.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
          A section is more descriptive than a div.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
          CSS is used to style the webpage.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
          To select an element you would just type what you are wanting.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
          The difference is that id can only be used for one element, where class can be used for multiple elements. An example where class might be used is with div and an example of where id might be used is header.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
          To select classes in css you use the . followed by the class you are referencing.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
          To select a p element with a single class of "human" we would use p .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
          The parent child selector is used to match all elements that are children to the correct parent element. This is useful when you need the parent and child to match.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
          To select links within a div with the class of sidebar you would use div .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
          A pseudo selector finds the first element of that type and selects it.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
          To change spacing between lines you use line-height.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
          To change the spacing between letters you use letter-spacing.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
          To change everything to CAPITALS you use text-transform: uppercase; to change everything to lowercase you use text-transform: lowercase; and to change everything to Capitalize you use text-transform: capitalize.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
          div {
            border: 1px black dotted
          }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
          To select everything on the page you use the *.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
          To write a comment in CSS you /**/.
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
          You can find what file you are in by typing cd in the command line.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
          To see a list of files/folders in my current folder using the command line I would type DIR.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
          To remove a file via the command line you can type del /f filename. You need to be careful with this because it does not give you a warning prompt of what is being deleted and yo can not get it back.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
          You should use version control because it keeps track of your changes and keeps it to where every person that is working on a project is working off of the latest version.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
          You should commit to github often, approximately every 20 minutes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
          The command that is used to push the repo to github is git push -u origin and the branch name for the first time, after the first time you can just use git push.
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
          Fork the repo to create own version
          Your name should now be in front of the repo name
          Clone the repo, using the SSH key
          Inside the CLI cd into the directory you want to clone the repo.
          use git clone <link to the repo> to clone repo to directory currently in.
          cd into the created repo-name
          use git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'
          Work on the repo
          Then add and commit changes   
            git add .
            git commit -m "Your commit message"
          Push changes to github repo 
            git push -u origin branch-name 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 