https://codepen.io/shellcupp/pen/eYmmvWV?editors=1100
 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 Semantic HTML is used to provide meaning to our content. It helps
  us and code readers read the code, also it will help search engines
   know what the content is about.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML(Hypertext Markup Language) is used to create webpages.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes provide additional information about an element and are
     always specified in the opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used for the main heading, it should only be used once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Two tags that have required attributes are a and img.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Inside the head tag of an HTML document you should put
     a title tag that will change what showsup in the tab.
    7. What is an id? 
    An id is a global idenifier that must be 
    unquic to the document and is used for linking.  
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    You can add an id to any element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    You can only use an id once per page.
    10. What is a class? 
    The HTML class attribute is used to define 
    equal styles for elements with the same class name.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any element can have a class name.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    You can use a class name as many times as you need on a page.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    To get a link to open in a new tab you use the taget_blank attribute.
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    The alt attribute adds hover text for the code reader or for additional information.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    Use # to reference an id.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Sections divide a webpage into sections like header, section, footer. Divs 
    are used as a generic container for holding elements. a div element can be used to group
     elements together to implement style.(like using id or class attributes)
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) is a style sheet language used for describing
     the presentation of a document written in a markup language like HTML.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    To select an element in CSS we call the element then use open
     and close curly brackets to contain the data.
     h2{
         color:blue;
     }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Use a class if there are multiple elements on the page that get the same style. Use an ID if there 
    is an element that gets its own unique style.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    To select a class in CSS we call it with the .classname.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p{

    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Parent child selectors are the process of inheritance CSS uses. They can be helpful
     when styling webpages because parents will pass down their attributes to their children and grandchildren.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a{

    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Pseudo selctors are selctors that make changes when the mouse is hovering,
     or something has been visted, or is active.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    To change the apcaing between lines we can use <br></br>.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    p{
        letter-spacing:2px;
    }
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    div {
    text-transform: uppercase;
    }

    div {
    text-transform: lowercase;
    }

    div {
    text-transform: capitalize;
    }
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border: 1px black dotted;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    universal selctor * is how you select everything on a page.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    To write a comment in css use /*text here*/.
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    To know what file youre in on the command line type pwd it will display the 
    path of the working directory.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    Type ls to see a list of files in the current folder.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    To remove a file type rm but be careful becuase it gives no warning and deletes permenetly.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    A version control is used when many people are working on the same project. It alows everyone
     to make changes without affecting the main project until everyone is ready.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Commit to github often. Either every 15 minutes or between tasks.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push or git push origin to push to a repo to a branch.
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Lambdas git flow starts with a fork
    then add tl 
    clone to my computer
    then work on my branch is VS
    add changes
    commit changes
    push changes
    This is how we turn in our asignments by pushing them to our tl.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 