Project link: https://codepen.io/Mikael-Acatl/full/eYpNEJN
1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for? To add semantic tags to text for a website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? A property of an element & is used at the beginning of a section.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? H1 is used to indicate the largest heading. It can only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. Dive class="container" & section class="first section"
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? document title, character set, styles, scripts,
    7. What is an id? It specifies a unique attribute for a tag.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any html tag
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Only once
    10. What is a class? It's like an ID but can be used more than once.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? Unlimited times.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? Specifies an alternative text for the image if the image cannot be displayed.
    15. How do I reference an id? By using a #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? A div doesn't contain meaning whereas a section indicated that the content should be grouped together.
    17. What is CSS used for? Styling. 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. H2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. A class can be used multiple times whereas an ID can only be used once. Example <p> vs <p1>
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .p{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? P{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.This is useful when you need to select elements that are direct descendants of the child.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A key word added to a selector. 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? Line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? Letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? Text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div style="border: dotted 1px black"
    29. How do I select everything on the page? Command A
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? Pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? LS
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? By typing 'rm'. You have to be careful because this deletes the files forever. 
    34. Why should I use version control? Because it enables you to work with another person without messing up the master code.
    35. How often should I commit to github? When you make meaningful changes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?  <remote_server> <branch_name> 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Create your own version of this repo - Fork
 Add your PM as a collaborator
 Clone this repo
 Create a branch git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
 Add your name to the list of names below.
 Run your usual git commands or adding/commiting and pushing Be sure to push to your branch
 Create a Pull-Request to submit your work
 Use your own student fork as the base (compare across forks, base-fork -> master).
 Add your PM as a reviewer on the Pull-Request
 PM then will count the Assignment as done by merging the HW back into master "STUDENT FORK".
