linked to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/minasoha/pen/LYyBXME?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML is used to reinforce the information in webpages. 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    it's used to build the structure of our website. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    attributes define additional characteristics or properties, in elements opening tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 tag is used to identify the title of the page. you should only use it once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    <a> <input>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <head>
    7. What is an id? 
    id must be only assigned to one value throughout the whole document
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    it is an attribute which specifies one or more classes 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    you can put a class on any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    there's no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    it is used to explain what is happening in the picture.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    in HTML you would use #, in css you would use .idname
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section means that  the content inside the tag is grouped and should show up as a whole on an html page. A div does not have any meaning.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    for styling the html
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {} in css 
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class can be used to identify more than one element, while id can only be used to identify one element. 
    .intro{ 
        color:red;
    }
    #firstname{
        color:blue;
    }
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    use a period.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p{

    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    selects all elements that are under one specific element. when you are trying to color the background of page.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .div-sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height: 1px; property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing: 1px;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: capitals| lowercase| Capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    .div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls in gitbash
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    git rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin firstname-lastname
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
