here bellow link for code pen completed asignment.

https://codepen.io/Mirwes/pen/ZEGpNGy 

added some more style to code pen in a separate link.

https://codepen.io/Mirwes/pen/wvKBexE?editors=1100


1.	What is Semantic HTML? Semanttic HTML gives meaning to our content.
    2. What is HTML used for? HTML Hypertext Markup Language is used to create elictronic documents that are displayed on the world wide web.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attributes define additional characteristics or properties of the element such as width and height of an image.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? H1 tag is usually used for the title of a page Use only one H1 tag per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes?href,class,src , etc.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Title, meta,link,style etc.
    7. What is an id? The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element, the id attribute is most used to point to a style in a style sheet.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Anchors, div,etc.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? ID's are meant to use for identifying elements uniquely.
    10. What is a class?  The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Div.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? One.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? add a target="_blank" attribute to your links (anchor tags).
    14. What is the alt attribute used for?  Alt attribute splecifies an alternate text for an image.
    15. How do I reference an id? The id of an element is unique within a page.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? Section tag defines sections in a document like chapters, headers. Div tag difines a division in an HTML document.
    17. What is CSS used for? CSS is used for describing the presentation of web pages including colors, layout, and fonts.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page?
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one? The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? To select elements with a specific class, write a period character followed by the name of the class.
    22. What is a parent child selector? The parent child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
