project link: https://codepen.io/mukeshja/pen/eYmPbwd?editors=1100
Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML is used for providing meaning to various elements on the web pages.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML stands for hyper text markup language. It is a standard markup language for displaying information on the web pages.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    HTML attributes are used inside opening tag of an html element to control the element's behavior.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 tag is used for the title of the page and it should be used only once on a page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    anchor tag and img tags

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    HTML metadata

    7. What is an id? 
    ID is a CSS selector 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    HTML elelments

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    only once

    10. What is a class? 
    Class is a CSS selector 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    HTML elements 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many times as needed

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add a target="_blank" attribute to the anchor tag

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    to provide information in text form for an image

    15. How do I reference an id?
    with #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is a semantic tag which defines sections like chapters, headers and footers. Div is a generic tag and doesn't convery any meaning.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    To style the web pages

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id - each element can have only one id and each id can be used only once
    class - each element can have multiple classes and each class can be used for more than one element 

    any styling that will be resued should be kept in a class while a styling which is unique for the page can be kept in an id
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    element>element it is used for selecting all the child elements for a specific parent.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a:link{} 

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Pseudo selectors are CSS selectors with a colon preceding them. such as h1:hover

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:uppercase lowercase capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border:1px dotted #black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    start a comment with /* , and end it with */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    ?

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm filename 
    there is no confirmation for deleting the file 

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    to go back to a particular committ instance in the codebase 
    for working in a team so that multiple people can work in the codebase at the same time 
    for backups


    35. How often should I commit to github?
    as often as possible (likely after you have implemented a particular functionality)

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push origin <your-branch-name>

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1. fork
    2. clone
    3. add
    4. commit
    5. push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    an inline element only takes as much width as necessary vs a block element takes up the full width available.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    When an element is positioned absolutely, its top, bottom, left and right properties specify offsets from the edges
    of the element's containg block.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    by using {display:inline}?

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    block elements by default: p, h1, div
    inline elements: a, br, span
    inline-block: button
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
    all the elements in html can be considerd as boxes. For every HTML element, we can have - margins, padding, border, height and width. 
    The box model is a box that wraps around every HTML element.

    The Fix: box-sizing: border-box