	1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Semantic Html means adds meaning to the tags.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	Html is used for creating web pages.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	Each tag can also have additional attributes, which change the way the tag behaves or is displayed. For example, an <input> tag has a type attribute, which you can use to specify whether it’s a text field, checkbox, radio button or one of many more options.
	Attributes are specified directly after the name of the tag, inside the two angled brackets. They should only ever appear in opening tags or in self-closing tags - they can never be in closing tags. They are followed by an equals sign = and the chosen value in double quotes ". Take care not to include any spaces before and after the equals sign! Multiple attributes can be defined on a single tag, separated by a space.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	h1 tag is used as heading . Only one time it can be used in page
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	The <head> element can include a title for the document, scripts, styles, meta information.
    7. What is an id?
	The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	The id attribute can be used on any HTML element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	Multiple times 
    10. What is a class? 
	The HTML class attribute is used to define equal styles for elements with the same class name.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	The class attribute can be used on any HTML element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	Multiple times 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	_blank - Opens the linked document in a new window or tab
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	The alt attribute provides an alternate text for an image
    15. How do I reference an id?
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	CSS is used to define styles for your web pages, including the design, layout and variations in display for different devices and screen sizes.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2{
	}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	The main difference between id and class in CSS is that the id is used to apply styling to one unique element while the class is used to apply styling to multiple elements. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human p{
	}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?


    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	A CSS pseudo-class is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element(s). For example, :hover can be used to change a button's color when the user's pointer hovers over it.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	The line-height property is used to specify the space between lines:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	The letter-spacing property is used to specify the space between the characters in a text.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	The text-transform property is used to specify uppercase and lowercase letters in a text.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div{
	border:1px dotted black;
	}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	The * selector selects all elements.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/*---*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	$ ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	$ rm <file>
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	$ git commit
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	$ git push<remote><branch>
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Code pen link :https://codepen.io/NandhiniM/pen/YzyybGj

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
An inline element has no line break before or after it, and it tolerates HTML elements next to it.
A block element has some whitespace above and below it and does not tolerate any HTML elements next to it.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
