https://codepen.io/nathan-dumas/pen/pogjgaP?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
	Semantic HTML is organized for easier understanding

    2. What is HTML used for?
	To display text on a webpage 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
	 Attributes control how elements behave

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	A heading tag. h1 should be used only once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	<a>, <h1>

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	Information about the document

    7. What is an id? 
	Used to manipulate specific elements with css, etc

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	All of them

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
	Once

    10. What is a class?
	 An attribute used for styling

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
	 Div

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
	 As many as you want

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	The target="_blank" attribute

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
	Alternate text for an image 

    15. How do I reference an id?
	In css, you reference an id with a #
	
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	Styling HTML

    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	Just use the tag
	
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each 	one
	A class can be used to select more than one element, .class, #id

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human p { }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	.sidebar div

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	Selects elements, such as the first element of that type

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line=height: 80%;	

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing: 3px;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: capitalize; text-transform: uppercase;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	.div border:10px dotted

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	using *
	
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* This is a comment */
	
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	ls

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	The rm command. You may delete files you did not intend to, and there is no way to get them back.
	
    34. Why should I use version control?
	To prevent bugs, make the code easier to understand.
 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	Whenever you add a working feature

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	Fork the repo, add TL as collab, clone repo, create new branch, push new branch, add TL as 
	reviewer.
