https://codepen.io/Natejones92/pen/LYGVyXb?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
	Elements that clearly define the content
    2. What is HTML used for?
	 Its used to structure the webpage/create a layout
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
	 They provide additional information on the elements, they go at the beginning of the line of code
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	Its used to decribe the main element of the page, it should be used once	
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	<h1-h6><p>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
	<html> 
    7. What is an id?
	a unique identifier to an element 
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
	any element you plan on adding style to
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	once
    10. What is a class?
	 an attribute that can be added to an HTML element that can later be used in CSS/JS to perform certain tasks
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
	any HTML element 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
	 as many as needed
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	add target="_blank" before the link
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
	 it specifies an alternate text for the image if the image cannot be displayed
    15. How do I reference an id?
	 refer to the id tag in html?
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	a section defines a group of content, a div does not
    17. What is CSS used for?
	it adds style to the page 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2:
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	Classes can be used more than once across more than one element, an id can only be used once per element as its specific. Use a class over an id when there are more than 1 element you need to make changes to
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
	 it selects all elements that a direct child of the specific element parent>child. useful for when you need to select a specific group of elements from a main element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	using a Descendant selector
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	a selector thats added to add a special state of the selected element such as :hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform:
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	"border: dotted 1px black"
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
	 *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* comment here */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
	ls 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
	rm filenamehere, its irreversable 
    34. Why should I use version control?
	It keeps track of all changes and allows multiple people to work on the same project 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	a couple times an hour
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
	 git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
	Fork the Repo to create your own version
	Add the TL as a collaborator
	Clone the repo
	Create branch 
	Submit thier new PR into the branch
	