https://codepen.io/qualyn-bliss/pen/vYJmyRz?editors=1100

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
markup that communicates with devs and the terminal clearly what is happening

    2. What is HTML used for?  
    markup language to show the format of our site

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
     they are the modifiers we place in brackets to change elements behavior

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    once per page to keep clean readability and relevance it is the pages main heading

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    text, email, urls 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Document type, and reference to whatever goes with for functionality ie css/javaScript or whatever other code works with it. 

    7. What is an id? 
    html element that ids something and can only be named that once 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any element in the stylesheet 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once 

    10. What is a class? 
    class is a element type in a stylesheet

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any in the stylesheet 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
      many times 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    use a _blank attribute tag 

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    accessibility screen readers as a descriptive tool. 

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    sections are for markup while divs create containers for manipulation in design

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    its used to style and give design elements to html 

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    ID are one per page such as h1 or header 
    class can have multiples such as <p> or <h2>

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class 

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p{

    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    when referencing something its more specific to have a reference to the child/parent selector 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar{

    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    :hoover is a pseudo selector ... adds elements but is a built in tool 

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-spacing

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing 

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform capitalize lowercase uppercase 

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    body{

    }
    *{

    }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    ls 
    .find

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm cannot be undone

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    tracks changes and latest version 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
     every 20 mins or after a successful change

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push .
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

    fork repository 
    copy link to ssh key
    open terminal 
    cd into folder 
    git clone paste the ssh link
    work on project
    git add .
    git commit -m "notes"
    git push . 
    create a pull request 
    compare to main
    submit in canvas 


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline elements take up the space they use and nothing else ... the block elements have space around them and demand a new line 

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    it gets taken out of the flow... meaning it sits on its own layer away from everything else 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    display: inline-block 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

    inline-block: margin, padding, height, width
    inline: only margin-left, margin-right, padding-left, padding-right


    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

    the box model is the model of formatting through the use of various boxes to keep things within the page... the fix is creating adaptable margins for all page sizes 

