//https://codepen.io/tera1971/pen/abbLdmx
  1. What is Semantic HTML? 
  Html that introduces meaaning to the web pge rather thaan just presentation
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    to create electronic documents
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    they are used to control elements behavior, they are placed inside the openning tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    it is used to identify the title of the article, it can be used numerous times
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    the header
    7. What is an id? 
    a unique identifier for the element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
     html elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    1
    10. What is a class? 
    The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    numerous
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    by using target = "blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
       specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed
    15. How do I reference an id?
     the value of the id must be unique
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
     a secction defines sectione in a document and a div defines a division
    17. What is CSS used for? 
       the language for describing the presentation of Web pages
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    period(.) followed by name of class
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    class may appear numerous times but an id can only appear once 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
     .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element
    to evaluate child instead of other descendants
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
     a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
     line-height 
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
     letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
     lowercase: uppercase: capitalize:
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*comment*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm, because there is no warning and is permanent
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    helps teams solve problems and work together
    35. How often should I commit to github? 
     20   mins
     What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
     git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Student will create OWN version of Repo (Fork)
Student will add TL as a collaborator
Student then will Clone Repo
Student will then create a branch (on which the student will implement the project) git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
Student will then submit their PR into the new branch.
Student will use their own student fork as the base (compare across forks).
Student will add their TL as a reviewer on the PR
TL then will count the HW as done by merging the HW back into master “STUDENT FORK”.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
