  1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Semantic HTMl gives meaning to the page for accessabilties reasons, and also allows coders you are
working with to be able to understand the code.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	Html is used for giving purpose to the page, also is a skeleton for the page and allows you to begin creating
a website.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
 	An attribute provides additonal information about an HTML element, such as a alt for an img or a src for a font
or image. This goes inline with the element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	An H1 tag is used for the most important header on the page, and should only be used once. It gives search
engines a quick way to find out what your page is about.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	Anchors and Imgs require attributes.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	In the head of a document you would put information that is not shown on the page, such as scripts, style 
sheet links or font HREFs.
    7. What is an id? 
	An ID is used to name an element so that it can be styled with CSS. It should only be used once per name.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	You can add an ID to most elements.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	Once.
    10. What is a class? 
	A class is much like and ID but can be added to multiple, elements and allows CSS styling of the elements,
by calling the class.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	Most elements can add a class, Such as <p>, <div>, <h1-h6> and much more.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	A class can be used as many times as needed.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	If you add taget="_blank" to the end of an href on an anchor it will open in  a new tab.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	The alt attribute is used to be shown if the img can not be shown, but describes what the image is, it 
can be shown if an image doesn't load properly or if used on an assistant device.
    15. How do I reference an id?
	You can add an ID to html by adding id-"blank", or in CSS by using the # sign and then the name such as 
#blank{ }.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	A section is semenatic HTML while a div is just representational, and provides no meaning.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	CSS is used to style HTML elements in a way that they look nicer on a webpage.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	An element is selected just by typing the elements name, such as h2{ } or p{ }.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	A class can be used multiple times on multiple elements such as .bluetext or .redbutton however
an ID is to be used once, such as #login-button or #contentcard.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	In CSS classes can be selected by .blank. Such as .bluetext .redbutton.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	First you selected the class and then the element so it would be .human p{ }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	.sidebar a{ }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	A pseudo selector is used to selected a element meeting a certain requirement such as :hover.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height: Xpx;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing: Xpx;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform: ;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	*{ }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* This is a comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm and then then the path, using the console you have zero confirmation, so you just have to make sure it
won't mess up a thing.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	Version control allows you to keep track of all changes you make, and you can also rollback if your changes
do not work.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	Whenever our work is ready to be graded? Or you make big changes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push nicholas-wooden
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

	First you are going to make your own fork of the repo on Lambda.
	Then add your TL.
	After you add your TL use the console to create a branch in your name.
	Add your files to the branch and commit them and push them to github.
	Add your TL as a reviewer and when he makes the pull, it is complete.
	

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	In line elements do not force a new line in HTML and can have multiple inline on one line. Block elements 
require a new line. 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
	An absolute elements is positioned off the body and moves with you even if you scroll the page.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
	Display in-line block? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	Block:<header>
	      <footer>
	      <section>
	Inline: body
		head
	inline-block: Img

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
	The box model always has an assigned box around an element, with a sized based on the content, margin and padding.
