
https://codepen.io/ohman4/pen/vYONEMg?editors=1000

^ this was fun


 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 It conveys meaning of the elements.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    makes the structure of the website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes provide additional information about HTML elements.
like src or href
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The main heading title.
    Once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes.
    class and Id
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    container for meta data. 
    7. What is an id? 
    Identifies a specific value.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any html
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any html element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    once
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
     target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    gives alt info
    15. How do I reference an id?
    id=
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    The <section> tag defines sections in a document, such as chapters, headers, footers,
    a div just groups things
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling the page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    .h2{
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id you only use once and a class you can use multi times. 
    you could class a link and #a serial number
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    . (followed by the class)
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    what a selector is inset of another selector. Section title to group with the paragraph.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    margin
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spaceing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform-uppercase,lowercase,Capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    * uni selector 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    status
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm, so saftey measures, it will be gone forever!!!!!!!!!!!!!
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    it keeps everything easy to track between multi teams and people.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    often as needed. 20 min?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1.fork
        2.collab tl 
        3.clone
        4.make branch
        5.add
        6. commit
        7.push
        8.create pull requst



Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline does not create a break in the line when a block element does.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    the position is fixed
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    block level elements
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display 
    inline-block by default
    li,p,nav-----div,span---- button
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
    its a box that wraps around every html element. Border-box.

