codepen link: https://codepen.io/N_chacon/pen/bGGowpW?editors=0100



    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
       it gives meaning to the web page
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
       its building block for web page building 
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
       inside the opening tag for more information
   
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
       h1 is heading but the 1 means its the most important      
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
       input, select  

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
       metadata ie: title, description, keywords   

    7. What is an id? 
       a unique attribute for an html element       

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
       heading (h1-h6) 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
       its unique so once   

    10. What is a class? 
        html attribute to define equal styles for elements 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        div, section  

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        as many as you need 
    
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target=_blank in a <a> tag

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	alternitive info for an image

    15. How do I reference an id?
	#	

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	section is for sections of the document:chapters, headers, footers
	div divides sections  

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    cascading style sheets, its the paint for the house made of html. (styles the html) 
    
    
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2{}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? -
	Give me an example of when I might use each one
	
	class a can be used for mutliple times so you can 
	make one edit and change all of that class.
	
	Id can one only be used by one element. 
	

     20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    	 '.classname'    

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	<p class=human>

    *22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	<div class=sidebar>
 
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	A pseudo-class is used to define a special state of an element.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform:

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	* selector
	
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/**/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
	 

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
	rm no prompt warning you so be sure you want it gone  

    34. Why should I use version control? 
	time travel! you cna have diffrent stages of a build with the abilty 
	to go back to a stable build

    35. How often should I commit to github?
	about every 20min or so 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
	git push 

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	add your content, comit it, then push it real good ! 
	 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 



   --> 