    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic HTML is HTML that introduces meaning to the webpage rather than just a presentation
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is a languae that is read by a web browser and then used as a blueprint for displaying information on your screen.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
       An attribute is a specification that defines a property of an object, element, or file. Attributes are placed in the openeing tag before our code.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
      The h1 tag is a header tag that's used as a way to present the most important subject matter on the page. It is best if the h1 tag is only used one time on a page. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
       Two tags that have required attributes are the "a" element which is paired with the 'href' attribute and the "img" tag that's paired with the 'src' attribute.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        An opening tag is placed in the head of an HTML element.
    7. What is an id?
        An id is a title that can only appear on a single element. They matter more o CSS because they add further specificity when styling.
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
        The elements that an id can be added to are a div, p, and a span.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
       An id can only belong to a single element at one time. 
    10. What is a class? 
        A class is a title that can apply to multiple elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        A class can be added to multiple elements.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
         The same class can be used multiple times on a page.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? 
        An anchor tag must be added to in the opening tag accompanied with the href attribute in order for a clicked on link to open in a new tab.
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        The alt attribute is used to specify an alternate text for an image, if the image can't be displayed.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        An id can be referenced in CSS by typing in a hashmark symbol along with the id of the element from the HTML.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        A section means that the contents within it are grouped and relate to a common theme.
        A div is just a container that can store any kind of information including other divs.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used to add color and style to webpages.
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        Elements are selected in CSS by typing in the elemnt name followed by an open curly bracket, and a closing curly bracket once the styling is complete for the selected element.
         Every h2 on a webpage can be selected doing the following: h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
         The difference between a class and an id is that a class can be applied to multiple elements at the same time, while an id can only be used on a single element on the page at one time.
         An id may be used when a developer wants to make the color of one word in a header a specific color instead of making the color of the entire header one uniform color.
         A class may be used by a developer that wants to change the font of multiple texts and color to the same font on a webpage. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
         Classes are selected in CSS by writing a period symbol accompanied with the name of the class that was given to it in the HTML and an open and closed curly bracket. 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”?
         In order to select a p element with a single class of "human", a descendant selector must be used. The class name human would be selected in CSS with the p tag following.
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
         A parent child selector is a a way to select all elements that are immediate children of a specified parent selector.
         This would be useful by making it possible to style items within an element, but also preceding elements that qualify if they have the same element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
         A pseudo selector is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element, such as :hover. This is used to change a button's color when the user's pointer hovers over it.
    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
        The spacing between lines is made possible using the line-height property in CSS.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        The spacing between letters is made possble by the letter-spacing property in CSS.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        The casing of of words is made possible by the CSS text-transform property
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        #mydiv { border: dotted 1px black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
        The asterik symbol selects everything on a page
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        CSS uses the block comment syntax that starts with a forward slash symbol with an asterik and ends with an asterik and a forward slash.
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        The "cd" command lets you know what file you're in when using the command line.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        The "ls" command allows you to see a list of files/folders in your current folder
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
        Removing a file via the command line is possible by typing in git rm once the file is selected. 
        This should be done cautiously because there are no warning messages asking whether or not you are sure about performing the deletion. This method of removing a file is permanent.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Version control is a system that records changes to a file or set of files over time so that you can recall specific versions later. Software like git makes this possible.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Committing to github should be often whenever information is modified in a repository, so often.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        The command used to push the repo up to github is git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
        Lambda uses both forking and branching to leverage both methods to submit work in a timely and organized fashioon.
        Forking:
          -Create your own version of the repository given to you.
          -Add Project Manager to collaborators
          -clone repository
          -Create branch on fork with your firstName-lastName
          -Use fork as base fork to compare across forks
          -Open pull request
          -If PM is not a collaborator yet they should be added if they weren't added already
          -Project Manager does review of code and merges it back to the master branch
          
