https://codepen.io/ogunbase/pen/yLyqVEq?editors=1100



1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML gives meaning to the information on a webpage, more than the look. 

    2. What is HTML used for? 
        It provides a basic structure for webpages. Like the frame of a house. 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attributes provide additional information about what to do with a particular web element.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        H1 tags are for headlines. It should only be used once, at the top of a page. 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        <a> and <address>

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        <head> or <header>

    7. What is an id? 
        It gives a unique id for HTML elements. It's used to point to stylesheets or JavaScript

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Nearly any. 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Once

    10. What is a class? 
        An attribute that specifies one or more classnames for an HTML element

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Nearly any. Divs, sections, etc.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many as you want. But it's not recommended. 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Add a target="_blank" attribute to your links

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        Specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed

    15. How do I reference an id?
        In CSS, to select an element with a specific id, write a hash (#) character, 
        followed by the id of the element

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        <section> means that the content inside is grouped (i.e. relates to a single theme), 
        and should appear as an entry in an outline of the page.

        <div> does not convey any meaning, aside from any found in its class, lang and title attributes.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Describing the presentation of Web pages, including colors, layout, and fonts.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        .h2 {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        An id is used to identify a single element. A class can identify more than one. With an id, you may
        select a single line of text to change the color specifically for that line. With a class, you may 
        want all of the text in that particular class to look a certain way. Rather than retyping it, select the 
        entire class and go!

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .classname {}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        human.p {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        The parent child selector selects all elements that 
        are a direct child of the specified element. This would be useful for being 
        able to select the list items of a list and apply conditions to them. 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a:link{}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element(s).

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase
        text-transform: lowercase
        text-transform: capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? 
        border:Npx dotted black;


    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*comment text*/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm <filename>. Must be careful because it deletes immediately, without asking if you want to. 

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Version control helps teams solve problems, 
        tracking every individual change by each contributor and 
        helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting. 
        Changes made in one part of the software can be incompatible with those made 
        by another developer working at the same time.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Once every 15-20 minutes, or when a major change has been made. 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
        Fork the repo, add the TL as a collaborator, clone repo, 
        create a branch using git checkout -b "firstname-lastname", 
        submit push request into the new branch using the student fork as the base while
        adding the TL as a reviewer on the push request, TL counts it as done by merging 
        the assignment back into the master fork. 