1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML is a way of writing HTML that adds structure and meaning.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    It is used to build the structure and content of a website.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is a required thing for some elements like src in an img tag. It's put inside the opening h
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    It's used for the main heading and used once per page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and a tags both have required attributes.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    This is where we do things like link stylesheets and apply the meta tag. The title of the page also goes in the head.

    7. What is an id? 
    An id is used for specificity.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    We can add an id to any element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    You may use the same id once per page.

    10. What is a class? 
    A class is also used for specificity and is less specific than an id.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any element can be given a class.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Classes can be used multiple times per page.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    "target=_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    For screen readers to know what the picture is.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section is semantic and a div isn't.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to style a website.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    element {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class is less speciifc than an id. You would use an id somewhere that you don't want to be able to repeat.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p .human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    It would be useful if you need to select the first or last child of a parent element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidecar div a

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Its a selector that targets elements that are in a specific state.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-spacing

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-decoration: uppercase/lowercase/Capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{

    }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    //

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    git delete and you have to be careful because it is permanent.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    It's good for collaboration and helps if you need to refer to an earlier version of code.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every 15-20 minutes

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin " "

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. fork it
        2. clone it
        3. make a branch
        4. work
        5. git add
        6. git commit -m ""
        7. git push -u origin ""

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    A block element directly affects the page while an inline doesn't without some other input.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    The size is fixed so it doesn't stretch or shrink depending on the size the page is being viewed at.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    max-width

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    The box model is how everything on the internet is basically made up of boxes. The fix is box-sizing: border-box;