https://codepen.io/alfredovilla96/pen/ExjVavM?editors=1100 
 
  1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 
        readable code and good practice for seo's.
 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        
        markup text.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
        
        sprecific information that we put in our CSS and markup with HTML

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        
        its the main header on a webpage that should be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        
        .class and #ID

     6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        
        meta data like HTML to let the computer know what language to read.
    
    7. What is an id? 
        
        a specific attribute that is used to call a tag.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        
        nav, header tags, address, divs.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        
        once
    
    10. What is a class? 
        
        a class is a specific atriibute than can be used multiple times for different tags.
    
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        
        div, section, 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        
        multiple times.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        
        <a href='#' target='_blank'
    
    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
        
        alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed. 

    15. How do I reference an id?
        
        #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        
        section is a large piece of code you want to contain and divs are to style certain pieces of code in that section.
    
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        
        styling.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        
        go to your css and it should look like this.
        
        h2{

        }
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
       
        an id is to be called once like if you call a item on the bar like home it would only be used for one specific thing.
        classes are used for calling multiple elements on a page usually to style them.
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
       
        .class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        
        .human p{

        }
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
       
        .parent child{

        }
        the parent is normally called when selecting a section and the child is normally a div in that section.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
       
        .sidebar a

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
       
        something that cant be expressed by a selector like the :hover element

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
       
        so its more legible.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
       
        letter-spacing: 2px;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
       
        text-transform: capitalize, lowercase, uppercase

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
       
        border: 1px;
        border-style: dotted;
        border-color: black;
        
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
       
        * universal selector
    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
       
        /* */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
       
        git status
    
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
       
        ls
   
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
       
        git rm
   
    34. Why should I use version control? 
       
        because its a tracker for your code.
   
    35. How often should I commit to github?
       
        every 20 to 30 minutes or so
  
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
       
        git push -u origin Alfredo-Villasenor

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
       
        cd my documents
        cd lambda work    (find the folder you want to use)
        git clone url goes here 
        cd into downloaded url
        git checkout -b Alfredo-Villasenor
        do your work 
        git add .
        git commit -m 'message here'
        git push -u branch name
        submit pull request



Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
       
        You can't put block elements inside inline elements

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
       
        An absolutely positioned element is an element whose computed position value is absolute or fixed

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
       
        box-sizing: 
        width:

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
       
        address, header, footer
        img, button
        box sizing
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
        
        the box model is the different dimensions of an elemnt that are used for spacing
        the fix for the box model is width, margin, padding.