 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Semantic markup for a webpage
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Provides additional information about an element. We put it in qutation marks.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    It is the largest header tag and is used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img href
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    title
    7. What is an id? 
    It is an element selector
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Head
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once
    10. What is a class? 
    A group of similar elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    all html elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many as you like.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target=
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    It add a text description to an image
    15. How do I reference an id?
    # folowwed by tye id element
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section is grouped where as a div is a block level element.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 (.)
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    An Id is for idetifying a single element, and a class can identify multiple elements. 
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    <p class="blue first"></p> <div class="blue"></div> 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    ??
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Selects all elements that are children of the parent element. It gives relation between two elements.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Selects elements in a certain state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter spacing 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    <div style="border: dotted 1px black" id="mydiv">content</div>
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    Selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
   Start with /* , and end with */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    dir
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm -i filenme because it can be deleted permanently.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    To keep track of changes.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 lines at least
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1. Fork 2. Clone 3. cd 4. git clone <repo-name> 5. cd <repo-name>
    6. git checkout -b firstname-lastname 7. git add . 8. git commit -m "message" 9. git push -u origin branch-name

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    A block-level element will always create a new line after the closing tag, and an inline element won't.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    It sits in its own layer by its self.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    Set the width to 100%
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 


