https://codepen.io/reed-lauckern/pen/PojXMOE?editors=1100
1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    An element that describes its meaning to the browser and web developer
    2. What is HTML used for?
     to reinforce the semantics
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        it is a modifier of an html element found specified in the start tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        it's the first header on a page and should be used once on a page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img and href
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        a contanier for metadata placed betweeen the <html> tag and <body> tag
    7. What is an id? 
        identifier
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        All elements can have and id
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        As much as you want to
    10. What is a class? 
        a classification
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        any elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        as much as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
         with the href attribute with the link pasted to it
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        alterntive text to decribe an image
    15. How do I reference an id?
        with a # followed by the id 
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        The <section> tag creates independent sections within a webpage having logically connected content. 
        And the <div> tag is an empty container specifying a division or a section.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        it allows you to adapt the presentation of webpages. such as fonts, colors, borders, etc...
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        with the *
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        id is used for single elements on a page where class can be used for single or multiple elements 
        and be used more than once on page.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        with a . in front of the class you are referencing 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        The parent child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element
        it's useful if you want to select all (paren) or be more specific (child)
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        #sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        by using line-height: and putting in the desired amount
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        by useing letter-spacing: and putting in desired amount
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        by using text-transform:
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        by typing border:1px dotted black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        command a
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        by starting with // and ending with//
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        by typing ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        by typing ls -as
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        by typing rm then the file. be careful cause it will delete and be unretrievable.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        it's important to keep track of changes!!
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        whenever you finish a step
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        First fork your repo. clone your repo. then inside your terminal tyoe git clone 
        and paste your copy. cd it into your new repo by typing cd and then repo name.
        next create a branch by typing git checkout -b branch-name.
        then open your project in v code by typing code .
        once ready then type git add . which will add all your changes.
        then git commit -m 'message'
        git push -u origin branch-name 
       
        click on the compare and pull request
         Once you've clicked the compare and pull request button 
         it will take you to the pull request screen. Click on the drop down 
         and choose your repository as the base

        make sure you are comparing master or main to your branch then click the button to pull request
        submit the url in your canvas! do not merge



Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 