1. What is Semantic HTML? 
the use of html markup to reinforce the semantics of the information in a webpage.
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    used to make a structure.
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    define the characteristics or properties in elements. 
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
   its a tag that indicates the heading in a website.
   use one time because there in no use for more than one.
   
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
img and src 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
<html>

    7. What is an id? 
an identifier

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
<h1>-<h6>
anchor <a>
paragraph <p>
horizontal ruler <hr>

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
many times

    10. What is a class? 
specifies elements one or more classnames for an element

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
many elements

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    no limit

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
<a>

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
specifies an alternate text for an image 

    15. How do I reference an id?
#

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
section= sections in a document, such as chapters, headers and footers
div= defines a division or a section in an html 

    17. What is CSS used for? 
the language for describing the presentation of Web pages, including colors, layout, and fonts. 
It allows one to adapt the presentation to different types of devices, such as large screens, small screens, or printers.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
<h2>

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
id can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.
class= <div class="widget"></div>
id= <div id="footer">

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
add a period followed by the name of the class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
andding a period (.)

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
"parent > child"

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
:link

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element. 


    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
Select the paragraphs you want to change. 
Go to Home > Line and Paragraph Spacing.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
Select the text that you want to change.
On the Home tab, click the Font Dialog Box Launcher, and then click the Advanced tab. ...
In the Spacing box, click Expanded or Condensed, and then specify how much space you want in the By box.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
     select the text and press SHIFT + F3 until the case you want is applied.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border-left: dotted 1px black; or border-right, same for border-top and border-bottom

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
ctrl + a

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    ls

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
dir

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
del/f
it could delete everything in the files
    
    34. Why should I use version control? 
helps teams solve these kinds of problems, 
tracking every individual change by each contributor and helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting.


    35. How often should I commit to github?
about every 15 mins 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.  
    Fork
    Pull
    Clone
    Branch
    Add
    Commit
    Push
    Merge

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline elements= do not force a new line to begin in the document flow.
    block elements= on the other hand, typically cause a line break to occur

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
 no longer exists in the normal document layout flow.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
 give it spacing properties such as height, width, margin, border, and padding.

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
button, input, and select
<p> and <span>
textarea


    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
any content in the box 
adding spacing properties


   --> 