Completed codepen link from part 2 below:
https://codepen.io/Rezz11/pen/oNXxbdO?editors=1100


 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 --> Semantic HTML are the html tags which has a meaning. In other words, by the name of the element one can 
 immediately know its functionalty and what it is used for.

 2. What is HTML used for? 
 --> HTML is short for 'Hypertext Markup Language'. The purpose of HTML as a markup language is to provide a
 meaning of the content and establish a document structure.
 3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
 --> HTML attributes are a modifier of an HTML element type. An attribute modifies the default functionality 
 of an element type. It generally appear as name-value pairs, separated by =, and are written within the start
 tag of an element, after the element's name.

 4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
 --> h1 is the first header tag visible on a page. It is used for the title of the page. It should be used 
 only once per page.
 5. Name two tags that have required attributes
 --> div and h1.
 6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
 --> The <head> tag in HTML is used to define the head portion of the document which contains information 
 related to the document, e.g. meta data.
 7. What is an id? 
 --> The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element which must be unique in the whole document.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
 --> The id attribute can be used on any HTML element.
 9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
 --> One id can only be used just once.
 10. What is a class?
 --> Class is an attribute of an html element. It specifies one or more classnames for an element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 