Hello World!

1. What is Semantic HTML? - 
	Semantic HTML is what gives meaning and structure for the HTML code.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
	HTML is used to markup text to be displayed on the web.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	An attribute are words used inside the tags to control the behavior of the element later on with css. 	

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	The h1 tag is an element to be used as a header for the text. It is best to use one h1 tag per page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	class and id

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	<head>

    7. What is an id? 
	A selector

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	Any element, as long as it's in only one

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	Once

    10. What is a class? 
	A selector

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	Any HTML element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	Multiple times

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	<a href="link"></a>

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	It is used to specify alternative text

    15. How do I reference an id?
	With the #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	Section means that the content inside is grouped, while div tags define a division

    17. What is CSS used for? 
	Styling

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2{}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	A class can be used multiple times in the page to identify multiple elements, while an ID is used to identify one element. 
	EX: #1 {
	color: black;
	}
	EX: .2 {
	color: black
	}

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	With the period " . "

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	With just "p"

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	Parent and child selectors are used to style all the elements nested in a parent element, 	and the child selector is there to change that one specific element. This can be useful so 	you don't have to change each element one by one, and in case there are 10, 9 need to be 	black and one blue, you can use the parent child selector to make the changes.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	a:div{}	

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	Selects elements in specific state

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing:	

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	*{
	text-transform: uppercase;
	}
	text-transform: lowercase
	text-transform: capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div{
	border-width: 1px;
	}	

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	Universal selector *
	
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* text here */	

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	$pwd
	
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	$ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	$rm <file> . Be careful because this will not display a "are you sure about this" message

    34. Why should I use version control? 
	Version control helps tracking individual changes when working in a team.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
	As often as needed - otherwise your work won't be save

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

	1. Create my own version of repo, meaning fork it

	2. Add my TL as my collaborator

	3. Clone my repo

	4. Create a new branch (git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'

	5. Push new brand to GitHub and make all future pushes to that branch (git push -u origin 	firstname-lastname)

	6. Add my TL as a reviewer on the Pull Request



