    
https://codepen.io/rranderson1998/pen/zYqpWVol



1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Semantic HTML is code that defines different parts of a web page.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
	HTML is used to display text and images on the internet.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	Attributes provide additional information about elements and they always go in the start tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	The h1 tag is used defines a heading, and you should only use it once on a page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	<input> <select>

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
	 The page title

    7. What is an id? 
	It specifies a unique id for an HTML element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	All HTML elements

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	Once

    10. What is a class? 
	Its an attribute thats points to a class name in a style sheet.

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
	 HTML
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	As many times as you want.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	You would use use target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	Its used to display text for an image if a user can not view it.

    15. How do I reference an id?
	You would use a #idname in css

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	Section means that the content inside is related, but div is a generic container that anything can be grouped inside.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
	CSS is used 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	In css you would type the elment name followed by a {} Ex: h2 {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	The difference between class and id is that ID's are unique and each element can only have one id whereas classes aren't unique and can be used on multiple elements.
	For example you would use class to make adjustments to a group of paragraphs. You would use id to select elements in a nav bar. 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	You would type a period followed by the class name.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p.human{}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	A parent child selctor	is a way to select an element within an element. It would be useful if you were trying to select all paragraphs withtin a div.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	.sidebar: a {}	

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	Its used to define a specific ppart of an element.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-spacing: px;

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing: px;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform: uppercase;
	text-transform: lowercase;
	text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div {
	border-style:dotted;
	border-color:black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	Use the * selector

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	You write a comment using /* */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	The file will be listed will be lised after the ~

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	$ ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	$ git rm <filename>
	You have to be careful because the files you delete via command line do not go into the recycle bin.

    34. Why should I use version control?
	You shoul use version control beacuse it allows to review all changes to a file and revert back to older versions if neccessary.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
	You should commit whenever you make changes to a file.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
 	$ git push origin <filename>

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	We clone Lambda's master file into our own directory where we then edit create a pull request for our instructors who then push it back to the master file.
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?