https://codepen.io/bj_moreton/pen/ExPYpXR

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
	meaningful HTML for screen readers
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	creating a visual representation of a website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	attributes are extra information for the tag to use
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	H1 is the most important tag and should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	anchor and image
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	A header
    7. What is an id?
		An ID is a name for an html tag.
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
Any	
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	Once
    10. What is a class?
A CSS identifier for a specific style for a tag	
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	Any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	As many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	By setting the target to _blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	alternate text for screen readers
    15. How do I reference an id?
	By using a #ID
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	A section  is semantic HTML and divs are not.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	Styling your webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	IDs should only be used once and are used to be specific about an element.
	Classes can be used more than once and targets multiple tags
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	By using a .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”?
	p.human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    If you only want to apply a style to tags that are children of other tags
	23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div.sidebar a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	selectors that apply to events like hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform: uppercase|lowercase|capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {border: 1px dotted black;}
	29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {}
	30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* Comment here */
	31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm because there is no warning
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	It helps to allow you to go back to an older version and keep backup of code
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	As often as we want to save or once we've finished a section of code.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
		Fork the lambda repo, add tl as collaborator, clone to your computer, branch -> firstName-lastName, pull-request
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	block elements take up their own 'line' in the window, inline elements stay on the same 'line' together.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    You can set exact position of an element
	3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    max-width
	4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	    block: div, p, h1-h6
    inline: span, img
    inline-block: button
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 