    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML provides meaning to our markup so things like screen readers and search engines can identify different parts of a page.
    
    2. What is HTML used for?
    HTML is used to provide a basic structure for websites.
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute provides information about the HTML we use and we put them inside tags.
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    An h1 tag is used for the primary title or heading of a page. As a result, it should only be used once.
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Images and links require attributes.
    
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Information about the document/page (scripts, style, etc) but not necessarily information that will be displayed (except for possibly the title).
    
    7. What is an id? 
    An id is a attribute used to specify an element in HTML for styling in CSS and also as a reference for scripts via Javascript
    
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    You can add an id to any element.
    
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    An id should only be used once per page, but you're an adult so you can use an id as much as you want.
    
    10. What is a class?
    A class is an attribute we can use to group multiple elements for CSS styling purposes.
    
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    A class can be applied to any element.
    
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    You can use the same class as many times as you want on a page.
    
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    You can add the target="_blank" attribute to the link.
    
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    The alt attribute is used to display text in place  of an image if the image cannot be displayed. The same text is also used for screen readers.
    
    15. How do I reference an id?
    Use the # symbol in CSS, so:
    #id {
        stuff goes here
    }
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section is typically used to group related content while the contents within a div might have no relation or relevant meaning to one another.
    
    17. What is CSS used for?
    CSS is used to make HTML look pretty.
    
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {
        stuff goes here
    }
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class is used to group elements for styling while an id is a reference specific to one element.
    A class might be applied to several different images throughout a page in order to maintain consistent styling.
    An id might be applied to one image on a page in order to override more generalized styling in the section or div.
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    Use a period before the class name, such as .class {}
    
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p {
        stuff goes here
    }
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    A parent child selector (>) is used when you want to style an element that is a child to another element, so if you wanted to style a p element under a specific section without styling the entire section or other p elements. 
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a {
        stuff goes here
    }
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector is a keyword added to an existing selector, such as applying :visited to a link so it changes color once the link has been clicked on.
    
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    The line-height property
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    We use the letter-spacing property, so:
    * {
        letter-spacing: 5px;
    }
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    First, you would use the text-transform property, and then assign it 'uppercase', 'lowercase', or 'capitalize', respectively.
    For example,
    * {
        text-transform: uppercase;
    }
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        margin: 1px dotted black;
    }
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    Use the asterisk like this:
    * {
        Put stuff here    
    }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* Your wonderful comment goes here */
    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    Use the 'pwd' command.
    
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    Use the 'ls' command.
    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    You remove a file via the command line by using the 'rm' command, and you have to be careful when doing this because once a file is gone there's no recovering it. 
    
    34. Why should I use version control?
    You should use version control so you have a running log of changes to your file/program.
    
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every 20 minutes or so
    
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push origin 'branch name'
    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    First you fork the repository in question and then clone it via the terminal.
    Add your TL as a collaborator and shoot him/her the link so they know it's been created.
    Then you create a new branch, typically using the firstName-lastName format, and add your files to it via the touch command.
    Next, use the git add command and then git commit -m with a relevant desciptive message.
    Finally, you 'git push' the update the your branch before creating a pull request in GitHub using your TL as a reviewer.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 