https://codepen.io/lightingwaffle/pen/eYNpOKJ?editors=1100 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    html gives higher meaning to code 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    a standard for all web pages and allows for common programing ground
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    attributes provide additional information on elements. we put them in elements for additional ways to manipulate the code
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    the h1 tag is used to define html headdings. it should only be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    tag a required ref. img requires src 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    container for meta data and is placed between html tag and the body tag. ususally contains title style meta link script base
    7. What is an id? 
    The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    The id attribute is most used to point to a style in a style sheet
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once 
    10. What is a class?
    The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
     as many times as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    <a href= bla bla website  target="blank">
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image or area.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    ("somethinglikethisid")
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section means that the content inside is grouped// div on the other hand, does not convey any meaning,
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    makes things look pretty
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id is a one time go. normally used for the first attribut like h1 or so. class is used for identifying all other elements its a name for pulling it up in CSS
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    a period followed by the name of the class example .firstbox{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Child Selector is used to match all the elements which are child of a specified element. It gives the relation between two elements. The element > element selector selects those elements which are the children of specific parent. its good for things like a nested list to stop the css from cascadeing down further
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    sidebar.callout
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A CSS pseudo-class is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    outline-style property the style part is chaged to reflect what you want
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * Selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* Comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        ~ is normaly followed by the location yyou are in in the cl you can also use ls 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Version control is a type of system that allows you to keep track of changes made to your code over time. As such, version control is useful because: You can revert back to specific 'versions' of your code.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    like ever 20 minuets or so 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1 fork repo. 2 add tl. 3 clone repo into terminal. 4 go to directory where you want to clone the file. 5 git clone link to repo. 6cd into repo. 6 use git checkout first-last name. 
    7you can now work on it. 8 git add. 9 git cimmit- insert comment. 10git push. 11 submit pull request. 
Stretch Questions
0
    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 


taco taco taco taaco tuesday 
   --> 