Link to finished code pen: https://codepen.io/Bobandthecode/pen/LYLNQoK?editors=0100

<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? semantic html gives our content meaning.
    2. What is HTML used for? to mark up a webpage to be able to be eye pleasing as well as functional
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? attribuites help give more info about a specific element ona page
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? once per page and it is the " title " 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes a tags and img tags
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? font styles, as well as meta data info
    7. What is an id? an id is a way for us to spcify a unique id from our html
    8. What elements can I add an id to? a name to specify the portion you are trying to style
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once per page
    10. What is a class? another way to name a portion of the html
    11. What elements can I add a class to?  divs can be aded to a class?
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? it can be used many times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? you need to have an href
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? for screen readers and accesibility 
    15. How do I reference an id? with a #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? div doesnot convey meaning when section does
    17. What is CSS used for? to style our html
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one 
    id is unique to a page meaning it can only be used once. So you could use the both if say you needed all of the h2s on the page to be centered except one specific h2
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? we use the dot and then the class name .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? parent child selector means when a "parent" element has s specific attribute all of its children follow suit.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar div.links{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? means that when certain conditions are met, it could potentially add style. like an onhover command 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line height in css
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: and then uppercare/lowercase/capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? mydiv {border:10px dotted black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? using the * selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*  */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?  rm -DeleteFileName deleteing anything of the sort could cause issues with other collaborators
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github? every 20 minutes or so
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin robert-stetson
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. after add . , commiting and pushing we are all set, just submit the pull request as required

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 