https://codepen.io/rbrooks69/pen/pobroWZ?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    HTML that clearly describes the meaning of an element
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Hypertext Markup Language used to create structures, paragraphs, links, headings and blocks on webpages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes provide additional information about elements
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    the H1 tag is used for the Main text on a page and should be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    src and alt
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Title
    7. What is an id? 
    specifies a unique id for an HTML element
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
     attribute is used by CSS and JavaScript to style/select a specific element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    once 
    10. What is a class? 
    used to specify a class for an HTML element 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
     The class attribute can be used on any HTML element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Multiple HTML elements can share the same class
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    by providing another target for the link 
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Specifies an alternate text for the image
    15. How do I reference an id?
    write a hash character # followed by an id name - then, define the CSS properties within curly braces {}
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a setion -  defines a section in a document while a div is a section in a document that is styled with CSS
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    used to format the layout of a webpage.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    by using selectors
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    a class is used to specify a class like city on a page and each instance of the class 
    can be styled differnetly while the id is unique on a page and styled specifically 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    period(.) followed by the class name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element - when you 
    have long lines of code
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a selector that is used for the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:lowercase   text-transform:Capitalize  text-transform:CAPITALS
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    p.three {
        border-style: dotted;
        border-width: 1px;
        border-color: black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    <!--...-->
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    filename
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls list
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    del /f filename  cannot be undone
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    collaboration, storing versions, restoring previous versions, understanding what happened
    backup
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork, clone the repo, checkout, add, commit changes, push changes, submit a pull request

