https://codepen.io/Rodgers31/pen/ExNOWOM?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Backbone of our website that gives it meaning and makes it easier to style. 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    A language used to make the foundation of our website by 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Words used to help modify elements, we can find them anywhere in divs or classes
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is used to indicate the biggest header, should be used only once on a page. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    href and src
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Title
    7. What is an id? attribute identifier for properties that will apply to only one element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? header
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? attribute identifier for properties that will apply to multiple elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? paragraph, section
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? many times 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?You add target="_black" attribute
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? provides alternative if image can't be seen by user
    15. How do I reference an id? #then id Name
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div section is to section out portions of code while div can be used to section out huge amounts of code
    17. What is CSS used for? styling page
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one id for to used to style a single element like a button, class will be used to style all paragraphs on a page
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? the base of the code, when wanting to style the whole page
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?#dix name
    24. What is a pseudo selector? words added to a selector to change its state
    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines? add vertical space
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? add width
    27. What do we use to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? Create a border and add the dotted command
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*comment*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? Using ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? Using git status
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? Rm then file name, you have to be careful because you could delete multiple files
    34. Why should I use version control? To avoid making changes to main code that is bugged 
    35. How often should I commit to github? Everytime i edit a file
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? Git push -u origin branch name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. You fork your repository, clone it through your command line, work on it on vs code, push it back to git hub and request a merge

Stretch Questions
    
    
    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? Block will create a new line while element won’t 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? Layout changes from normal document layout 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? Use percents so it changes based on screen
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
Block- <div>, <footer>, <section>
Inline- width, padding.
Default- background color
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? How css and html code function to display information to a user. 
