https://codepen.io/rishimaru/pen/bGwmLvR?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? To describe the meaning of the meaning of information in HTLML
    2. What is HTML used for? Its used for the text within a webpage
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? To include info in an element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? For a header, once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes anchor and imp
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <html>
    7. What is an id? Titles that can only appear on a single element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Div
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Onnce
    10. What is a class?  Title that can apply to multiple elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As much as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? Put it in search bar
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? To name the URL
    15. How do I reference an id? <div id="">
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div div applies to more
    17. What is CSS used for? To style a page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{
}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? A selector that overrides the child ones 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? 
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? Line-spacing
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? Letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? Text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? 
    29. How do I select everything on the page? Body
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* 
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 