link to finish codepen https://codepen.io/salsandoval/pen/vYyXEbE?editors=1100
<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    html that gives meaning or context to code we use it for excexibilty purposes 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    html is used to structure a webpage.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    an attributes define characteristics or properties of an element and we put it in the start tag or opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
       h1 tag is used for a header and we should only use it once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and a.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    title
    7. What is an id? 
    an identifier.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    html element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    1
    10. What is a class? 
    The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    div,h1 to h5,p
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    1
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add anchor tags?
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    for alternative info
    15. How do I reference an id?
    write the id name followed by curly braces
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    o section is a bigger space and a div is a smaller space in that bigger section.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    to decorate the presentation of web pages.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    an id can be used to identify one element and a class can be used to identify more than one idh1a, class=h1.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .name of class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    i do not know yet.
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    a parent child selector is used to select one thing in a class and it would be useful if you have more than one img
    in the same class.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .a link sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a pseudo selector select elements in a specific place
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    br or line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: and then specify which you want to do.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border-height: 1px;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    entire.page{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*comment here*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    git rm you have to be careful becasue it wont ask if youre sure about the command.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    to keep track of changes
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    very often or atleast every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -b origin first time and only git push -b after that 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
     fork my own version of repo
     clone repo
     git clone repo 
     create branch 
     git check out 
     git push 
     compare pull request 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    block element will chosee the whole block an inline will not
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    its a fixed position
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    use the percent sign?
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    button, input,select,
     idk what 2 elemnts are display inline by default yet.
     textauria?
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
box model is basically a box that wraps around all html elements 
 and i dont know yet.

   --> 