

Codepen Link: https://codepen.io/SamSin369/pen/vYGeYOj


 1. What is Semantic HTML? 


    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Structuring a webpage

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is put in front of a tag, it is an indicator of what an element is

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    It is used for the big heading once on a page
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and href

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    MetaData as well as the document type name and title

    7. What is an id? 
    A specific name of an element on a page

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Everything
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once
    10. What is a class? 
    Same as ID but can be used more than once
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    All of them
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Dont matter
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    you set the target=_blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    For screen readers or if the image cant be displayed
    15. How do I reference an id?
    id="abc"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is for a bigger part and a div is for the smaller elements inside
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Styling webpages
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id can be used once class can be used more than once and you can use them whenever 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    class="abc"
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p{

    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Parent child slector is used to find specific elements you may want to change with CSS
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar div a{

    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A way of interacting with links to change their appearance based on UI
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-spacing:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    font-decoration
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* hello*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm -r deleted forever
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    to make sure you see your progress and changes
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    whenever you make a change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    clone repository, use git checkout to create a branch, use git add. to add repo changes and make them ready for commiting
    use git commit -m "Helpful comment" to associate a name with your github changes
    use git push -u origin 'sam-singer' for pushing your completed work to github

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    the block elements take up the full width available while the inline elements take the required width to display the contents of the elements.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
