What is Semantic HTML? Tags with meaning. 
What is HTML used for? To build the foundation of a website.
What is an attribute and where do we put it? It gives value to an element, we place it in the opening tab. 
What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? It's usually the header or title on the page but it can be used unlimited times. 
Name two tags that have required attributes. Images and links.  
What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Data about data.
What is an id? Singles out or specifies an element.
What elements can I add an id to? All elements. 
How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once.
What is a class? It groups elements together. 
What elements can I add a class to? All elements.
How many times can I use the same class on a page? Multiple times. 
How do I get my link to open in a new tab? Anchor tab.
What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? It describes the image in case it can't be viewed.
How do I reference an id? #
What is the difference between a section and a div? A section is semantic and a div is not.
What is CSS used for? To make the website look nice.
How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. h2 {}
What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. A class includes more than one element, you could use it to add the same attribute(s) to all elements included in that class. An id is one specific element, you might use it to select a header that needs specific attributes that vary from all the other elements.
How do we select classes in CSS? .class {}
How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human {}
What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? I honestly don’t really understand this yet.
How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar {}
What is a pseudo selector? It’s an added keyword to change how an element behaves.
What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height: ;
What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing: px;
What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: uppercase/lowercase/capitalize;
How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div { border: 1px dotted black;
How do I select everything on the page? *
How do I write a comment in CSS? This is another thing I don't quite understand.
How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? ls
Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? status
How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm - there are no warnings and it's final so you must be sure about what you're deleting.
Why should I use version control? You can collaborate on projects with anyone anywhere.
How often should I commit to github? As often as possible???
What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Fork, insure it's yours, add PM as collaborator, clone, add to terminal with git clone command, make branch with first name-last name, push to origin, submit to your fork, add PM as reviewer.
