    1. What is Semantic HTML? provide meaning to a group of code
    2. What is HTML used for? used to build the structure of our website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?  HTML attributes are special words used inside the opening tag to control the element's behaviour. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? h1 was
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes <a href> and <ol>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Usually in the header it provides specific info to the webpage that isn't displayed to the user.
    7. What is an id? an unique name for an HTML element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? It's normally used to point to a style in a style sheet and JavaScript
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? Class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many as needed
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? add target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? accesibility issues with people who can't hear
    15. How do I reference an id? #id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? <section> gathers a specific and strong semantic purpose, where, div has only a generic, non-specific meaning and no semantic purpose
    17. What is CSS used for? to style HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page; h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class can be used multiple times while id is only once. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p .human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? it selects all elements of those that are a direct child of the specified element. You can use this in lists, divs, or any type of selector. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? :link
    24. What is a pseudo selector? They have a colon preceding them and it looks like: a:hover{}
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? uppercase, lowercase, capitalize 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? {border-style: dotted 1px;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? command A 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm ; This is because it gives no warming and it cannot be undone.  
    34. Why should I use version control? so that all changes are the same all around
    35. How often should I commit to github? as often as you can
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1) Fork it so it's under your name. 
        3)Add your TL
        4) Push the clone download button, but copy the link instead of download or zip.
        5) Go to command line and put git clone 'link' 
        6) CD to the new repo. 
        7) git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' (Enter your own last name.)
        8) You can work on the repo now and get things done. 
        9) git add. will add the changes. git commit -m "any comment"
        10) When that is done, you push your changes back to the Github repo. 
        11) then type git push -u origin branch-name 
        12. Do a pull request on the new branch, which is NOT the master. 
        13. Then put in a new pull request on Github.
        14) Add TM to Reviewers. 

https://codepen.io/sara-van-peursem/pen/JjYPojZls