    
https://codepen.io/sworley/pen/YzqbQrK?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic HTML describes its meaning to both the browser and the developer.
    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is the structure of the webpage. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? All HTML elements have attributes. Attributes provide additional information about elements. The attribute is the first thing after <. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The h1 tag is used for headers. It can be used as many times as you want but it can only go to h6.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: Img and href.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <head>
    7. What is an id? #, way to selection something. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? One
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? As many as you want, but the more, the more complicated and potential errors. 
    10. What is a class? Class is a way to select something. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? As many as you want 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As many as you want. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?just add a target="_blank" attribute to your links (anchor tags).
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? If the image does not pop up / SEO
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div DIV does not have any meaning, section is a certain grouping. 
    17. What is CSS used for? To style page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page . Literally call it, so h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one Special text styling for only one element would use ID. Text color for entire page would use class. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? By using there name .name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? Child Selector is the greater than symbol. >  This is useful when you only want either parent or child to be affected. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? Descendent Selectors
    24. What is a pseudo selector? ::first-line
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height: 
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? Text-transform: Lowercase: uppercase: capitalize: 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
 body{
  border: 1px dotted #000000;
  color:#000000;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? Ctrl a
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* This is a single-line comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? Rm and it permanently deletes. 
    34. Why should I use version control? Everyone on your team can work at the same time. 
    35. How often should I commit to github? When ever you make a change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? Git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Fork, get url, git clone, git checkout, git status, git add ., git status, git commit -m, git push -u origin ‘branch name’

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? Inline stay in line, block create new line. 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? It has its own layer
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

