https://codepen.io/scott-e-schneider/pen/oNgXjEo

  1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML or semantic markup is HTML that introduces meaning to the web page rather than just presentation.
  2. What is HTML used for? 
    Structuring and creating web pages
  3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes provide additional information about HTML elements/on HTML elements 
  4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    usually used for the title of a page or post and it is the first header visible on a page/once
  5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img / input 
  6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    The HTML <head> tag represents the head section of the HTML document. The <head> element can contain other HTML tags that contain metadata. Metadata provides information about the document such as title, description, keywords etc.
  7. What is an id? 
    The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element (the value must be unique within the HTML document).
  8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any elements 
  9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once 
  10. What is a class? 
    The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element. The class attribute can be used on any HTML element.
  11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any element 
  12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    many times 
  13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    just add a target="_blank" attribute
  14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    The required alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed.
  15. How do I reference an id?
    #id {
      css declarations;
    }
  16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    <section> means that the content inside is grouped (i.e. relates to a single theme), and should appear as an entry in an outline of the page.

    <div>, on the other hand, does not convey any meaning, aside from any found in its class, lang and title attributes.
  17. What is CSS used for? 
    Styling web pages 
  18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
  h2 {

  }
  19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.
    For ids - one off needs for Styling
    for classes - multiple uses ie., all h2 elements 
  20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    Period followed by name of class 
  21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human 
  22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. When you can't add classes to HTML
  23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar > a 
  24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer
  25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height 
  26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing 
  27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
  text-transform: uppercase lowercase capitalize 
  28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
  border: 1px dotted black
  29. How do I select everything on the page? 
  * {

  }
  30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
  /* */
  31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    ls or pwd 
  32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls 
  33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm - because there's no warning 
  34. Why should I use version control? 
    Because it's industry standard, and it's a good idea.
  35. How often should I commit to github?
    As often as possible 
  36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push 
  37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Student will create OWN version of Repo (Fork)
    Student will add TL as a collaborator
    Student then will Clone Repo
    Student will then create a branch (on which the student will implement the project) git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
    Student will then submit their PR into the new branch.
    Student will use their own student fork as the base (compare across forks).
    Student will add their TL as a reviewer on the PR
    TL then will count the HW as done by merging the HW back into master “STUDENT FORK”.
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
       Block-level elements take up all of the available space within their parent container. Inline elements can exist within block-level elements
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
       absolute places an element relative to its parent's position and changing the layout around it.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
       width: auto;
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
      Block:
        * div 
        * address 
        * p 
      Inline: 
        * a 
        * span 
      Inline-Block: 
        * img 
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
      Basically a box that wraps around each HTML element. CSS is the fix!