    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Tags that give meaning to each part of our page.

    2. What is HTML used for?
Adding content to our pages.
 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Gives extra instruction to our code. We insert it within html tags.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
It's the main header. Recommended to only be used ones to signifify the most
important text on the page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
img, a


    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
!DOCTYPE html

    7. What is an id? 
A way of allowing us to target specificic parts of our HTML.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Any element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
As many as you like but it's best practice to only use it once.

    10. What is a class? 
A allows us to group/target sections of our html

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Any you wish.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
As many times as needed


    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
target="blank"


    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
Displaying text if the image fails to load.

    15. How do I reference an id?
# <---

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
section is semantic.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
Styling the html.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
Using a selector. h2 {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
A class is meant to be used multiple times. Id is meant to be used once.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
By using a class selctor .{}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
> Allows us to select all children of a particular parent element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div a .sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
Allows us to define an element when it's in a specific state. Such as when it's being hovered
over.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-spacing

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing;


   --> 

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border: 1px dotted black;


    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
* usiversal selection in css

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
// for one line or...
/* for multiple
lines */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm command. We have to be careful because command lines offer little to no warning when deleting 
important files.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
Allow's developers to work collaboratively on open source projects.

If there's a problem too time consuming to attempt to resolve. Version control could allow us to revert to
an earlier version prior to the problematic code being implemented.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
Whenever you have something of significance to contribute. Not after every minor change.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Fork the repository and clone to our comouters. Create our own branch and proceed to work. Use git add to save changes as you go. Once we're ready 
to add our code to the repository. Git comit, push then go onto GitHub itself to submit a pull request.
