LINK TO CODEPEN:
https://codepen.io/sebass482/pen/ExKxjrO 

    
1. What is Semantic HTML? 
HTML that specifies data type for its elements.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
To markup web pages.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
An attribute gives additional information about an element, it goes after the element.  
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? It is used for the main topic and should only be used once preferably.
    5. Name two tags that have required
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	<html><head><header>
    7. What is an id? A unique selector for a specific element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
All elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Only once
    10. What is a class? A style "holder" that is used to modify several elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? All
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As many as you want 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? _blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? alternative 
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? Section is semantic, div is not
    17. What is CSS used for? To style webpages
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{
color:red;
}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
IDs are used for specific elements and are often one time use, while classes can select a range of elements are are used for multiple things.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? with periods or class =""

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

    24. What is a pseudo selector?A selector that selects elements that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? 
line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform:capitalize;
text-transform:uppercase;
text-transform:lowercase;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div{
border-style:dotted;
border-color:black;
border-width:1px;
}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? CTRL+A
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?/* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
rm, because there is not prompt 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
For developers to share code without problems.
    35. How often should I commit to github? As often as possible
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push "link"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
