https://codepen.io/crimsoncodex2195/pen/NWdwYQX?editors=1100

    01. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Semantic hteml is descriptive html marking up the 'template' of a website. This includes things like h1 and p that focus on the content and not the style.

    02. What is HTML used for? 
	HTML is used to mark up and structure websites. It excludes functionality and look, it brings what you want to put on the page in the order you want it to be.

    03. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
	Attributs are located in the opening tag of an html element. Attributes are used to specify the tag's behavior.
  
    04. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	The h1 tag is often used for the title in a website. Give a website title is used once, the h1 tag should only be used once on your website.

    05. Name two tags that have required attributes
	Two tags that require attributes are <a> (the href attribute) and the <script> tag (uses the src attribute).

    06. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	The head of an html document often has the link to the css for the html file. It may also have the favicon, language used, links, the website title, and the description of the website.

    07. What is an id? 
	An id is an identity that can be specified to an html element. Unlike classes, IDs are super specific and can only be used once.

    08. What elements can I add an id to?
	You can add an id to any elemnt in HTML.

    09. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	On a given page, you can only use an id once.

    10. What is a class? 
	A class is a specification of a group of elements. Unlike an element, a class can be used however many times you want on a given page.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	You can add classes to every element in HTML.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	On a given page, you can use a tag however many times you want.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	To get a link to open in a new tab you have to use the anchor tag (<a>). Using this tag you can attribute a source file to open when clicked on.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	If the link/file location in the href="" is not accessable, then the alt attribute can be used to describe what is attempting to be shown.

    15. How do I reference an id?
	To reference an id you must use the # before the id name in css.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
	A div can be made out to anything you want it to be. On the other hand, section has some pre-definition to it meaning that there will be a section of content within.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
	CSS is used to styling HTML elements. These work hand in hand as the HTML provides structure while the css provides the looks.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
 	When styling, to select an element you would put the elementName{attribute:relevantAttributeDescriptor;}. h2{color:orange;}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	A class can be used on multiple html elements while an id can only be used on one element. For instance, an h1 header might have an id description while paragraphes within a section may have a class description.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	When selecting a class in CSS you wold have to preface the class name with a ' . '. An example would be .className{attribute: descriptor;}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	You would do ".human{attribute:descriptor;}
"
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
	A parent child selector is multiple css elements listed sepearated by a ">" symbol. The element to the left of the > is the parent while the element to the right of the > is the child. 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	You could do .divClassName > a {attribute:descriptor;}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	A psuedo selector is a keyword that specifies a special state of the elements. Examples of these would be :link, :visited, :hover, and many more.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	We must use the attribute "line-spacing".

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	We would need to use the letter-spacing property and set it using pixels.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	To change everything to capitals, lowercalse, and capitaize using the property text-transform. We can then set it to captitalize, uppercase, or lowercase.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div {border: dotted 1px black;}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	You can use the universal selector *.

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	You start your comment with /* and end it with */.	

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	You can enter "pwd" in the command line.

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	You can use "ls".

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	To remove a file you can do "rm" followed by the file's name. You must be careful with this because the command line doesn't ask if you're sure. It does so immediatly.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
	Version control is important because you have a record of what you are done. Data is easy to lose, and sometimes you may make change you dislike. Version control allows you to undo this.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
	You should commit to github everytime you update a file to make sure that there are records of it.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push filename.

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	Launch your command line. Get to the main folder location you desire.
	Create a branch of it using git checkout -b branchname.
	You can then make the changes you want. Do git add filename.
	Then git commit -m "comment you want to put (a description of what you did)"
	FInally, you can do git push to upload it to github.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



