 1. What is Semantic HTML?
      A form of HTML formating that is universally understood
    2. What is HTML used for? 
      To format the webpage
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        an attribute usually turns into a clickable link or its a picture or little ascent to the page
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? 
         h1 tag is the first header on the page, it should only be used once 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
         scr and href
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
            <!DOCTYPE html>
                   <html>
    7. What is an id? 
        a specific element of the HTML code
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
       specific ones 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
         once
    10. What is a class? 
       a group of elements like every <p></p>
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
       things like body, paragraph, section, etc tags
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
       multiple
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
             adding the target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
          incase the first attribute fails
    15. How do I reference an id?
      .id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
             a section usually has a specific name, div is used to divide sections
    17. What is CSS used for? 
       to decorate the page, if you will
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
      h2
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
      if i needed every <p> to be blue I would use #p if I needed a specific class to be blue I would use .class
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
       with a dot
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
            .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
       parent>child selects all elemenets that are a direct child of the specified element. it would be useful if you need to put a font or design on the entire child element
            
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
            :link
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
           a selector that selects elemenets that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
              the line hieght property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
           letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
            text-transform property
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
          p{
                width: 300px;
                 height: 100px;
                 border-style: dotted;
                 border-color: black;
                         }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
       *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
      /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
          press the arrow up key
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        dir list
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
             CMD Del its permenant 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
           better control
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        whenever you finish a step
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
         the git push command
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
       I still dont undertand at the moment

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
       block elements adhere to all spaces where inline only acknowledge left and right
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        It is stuck. When you scroll it is still where it was stuck
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
         make it a flex box
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default?
      height width and space
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
       the box model allows you to design chunks of your html. The flex box can fix some of the box model henderances.

https://codepen.io/Marswill1/pen/MWmqpQM