https://codepen.io/shieguy/pen/QWKyQLg?editors=1100


    1. What is Semantic HTML? Description of tags that have obvious purposes, and therefore are ideal to use both for readability and SEO purposes. 
    2. What is HTML used for? For marking up text so that they are browser readable
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Provide an additional usecase for an element, they go within the <>
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? It's the main title tag, it should be used once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: a and img 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? metadata, for search enginges mostly
    7. What is an id? A way to assign a unique identifier for an element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?  once per element    
    10. What is a class? Hard to describe, but it's like a subdivision of an element. Like you can have section, and you can specific section class = "name" in order to be able to manipulate that "name" class easier.
    11. What elements can I add a class to?  all 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? many
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? in HREF, set target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? alternative text  
    15. How do I reference an id? "#" 
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? For one, Section is semantic. Sections are also more closely grouped in terms of theme than divs. 
    17. What is CSS used for? Sytling HTML 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page:  h2 {} 
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? -  Give me an example of when I might use each one: IDs are unique and can only be used once. Classes are used for groups of like elements. So you may use a certain class on all galleries on your site, whereas if you needed to stlye one gallery differently than others you could use an id there. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? "."
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human 
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? ">" You can select all X that is within Y. For ex, all <p> within <divs> and style those differently than you would style a freestanding <p>
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div > a.sidebar 
    24. What is a pseudo selector? ":" 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?  letter-spacing 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform:uppercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?  div { border: 1px dotted black; }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? * 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? PWD. Also, it should say it in the command, for example I am currently im: shie-macbookpro:Git-for-Web-Development-Project
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls 
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm fileName. Because you can delete files, and you can do so recuresivley which can cause lots of damage
    34. Why should I use version control? so that you do not break working code. 
    35. How often should I commit to github? Whenever you've made to the code, 1x/day at least
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?  git push -u origin branch-name 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Fork, clone, branch/checkout, make changes to code, git add, commit, push, request pull, instructor merges. 





