
<!-- reveiw questions to Submit in today's file firt-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? its to give meaning to your html.
    2. What is HTML used for? used to structure a web page
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?  attributes provide additional info about an element. We put it in the start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? h1 is for the main heading. use it for your main headers
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: the a tag and img tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? links, titles etc...
    7. What is an id? is a selector 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? its a selector
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? whenever you need t
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? to give extra meaning to an img etc...
    15. How do I reference an id? using the #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div: both are container, section has meaning and more semantic html
    17. What is CSS used for? to style and webpage 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page: h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
 You can use class to select and style many elements and id is used to select and style one element 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? using the .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? is a selector that select all the children or a parent. useful when you want to select all the children of a parent 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?div.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? is a selector that is used to change the state of an element. like change color when you hover etc..
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px solid black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd(print working directory)
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm. you dont get a warming before deleting 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github? as often as possible
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push origin 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
fork, copy, clone, cd, create new branch, add, commit and push 


Link to codepen project https://codepen.io/sidiould/pen/LYYdoOv