 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        using HTML to mark-up to reinforce the meaning of info on webpages instad of just using it just to change appearence.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used for marking up and structuring webpages and their content.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attributes define characters of the element and are always in the beginning of a tag, usually following an equals sign and are inside of quotation marks.
        
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        h1 is abtag for the largest of six possible headings. You can use more than one, but that does not mean that you should. It can make things difficult and confusng down         the line.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img, a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	meta data which is like data about data
    7. What is an id? 
	 id attribute is for identifying a specific style in a style sheet
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	 background-color, color, padding, text-align, etc
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	 once
    10. What is a class? 
	 attribute used to specify a class for an element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
		all of them
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
		as many as you want... if youre into that
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	  set target attribute "to _blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
		adding a text description
    15. How do I reference an id?
		#whatever
		id="whatever"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	  a period followed by the name of the class (no space)
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	  <p class="human"> 
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	  The child combinator selects elements that match the second selector and are the direct children of the first selector. This makes it easier to find elements that you want to style with css properties.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	  <div class="sidebar">
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	  pseudo selectors select the content that already exists 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	  line-hight
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	  letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform:what you want to change it to
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	.div{
	  border:1px dotted black
	  }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	 ctrl-a
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	  you start a comment with /* , and end it with */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	  pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	  dir
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	  del /f filename. You can't gt it back so be sure you are deleting the correct thing.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	  to keep track of changes and keep the whole team on the same version
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	  at least a few times an hour but really whenever you add anything of value
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	  git push -u origin master
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 