https://codepen.io/sgary/pen/ExapZdg?editors=1100

<!-- reveiw questions to Submit in today's file firt-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?  
    semantic html is the markup that gives structure read by browser

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    to define a structure 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    an attribute is a changeable property defined by a value in a css file

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 tag is a headings tag and it should be used as needed.
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    input and img

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    links, scripts, meta

    7. What is an id?
    id is an attribute that specifies a unique id for an html element

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    any

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    you can only use an id once

    10. What is a class?
    an attribute that specifies class names in html

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    any

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    as many times as you need

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add a target

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    specify alternative text to an image

    15. How do I reference an id?
    href then #id

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    <section> means that the content inside is grouped and should appear as a entry in an outline of a page whereas <div> does not convey any meaning,

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling the site

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    just type h2 {} in your css file

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    an id is more specific and can only be used once you might use an id to identify a section of the site
    a class is less specific and can be used as many times as need you might use it to style a group of elements

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .  then class name  (.className)

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    parent selector selects the parent element where child selects the child element
    this is useful when selecting specific elements

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a pseudo selector selects specific states of an element

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {border: 1px dotted black;}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    start /* and end with */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm be carefulbecause theres no warning and it wont go to trash

    34. Why should I use version control?
     tracking every individual change by each contributor and helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    after every change you made 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push origin

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork, add collaborator, clone, cd to directory, git checkout -b firstname-lastname, 
    git add ., git commit -m "message", git push -u origin branch name, pull request. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 



   --> 