Link to assignment on codepen:
https://codepen.io/MahDudeGarrus/pen/oNYmvGg?editors=1100

Questions:

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        A: Semantic HTML is just like how we form sentence in our own language. 
           We have a place the elements in their correct place in a sentence.
           HTML has a correct place or order for its elements.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
        A: HTML is used to organize a page's text and elements.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        A: An attribute is a characteristic we assign an element.
           We would put an attribute in the open tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        A: An h1 tag should only be used once on a page. It is used to show the
           title of the page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes.
        A: 1. img (image element)  2. a (anchor element)

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        A: We put a title element in the head element.

    7. What is an id? 
        A: It is an attribute for an element to give it a specific name or identifier.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        A: You can give an id to header elements, paragraph elements, 
           and a division, to name a few.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
        A: You can only use an id once since it identifies a specific element.
           You can give different id's to elements on a page. 

    10. What is a class? 
        A: A class is an attribute that gives a set of characteristics to an
        element or even multiple elements.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        A: You can give a class to most elements. It is very similar to an id.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
        A: You can add a single class to as many elements you wish to share
           similar characteristics.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        A: Add a target attribute to an element after the href attribute.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
        A: If an image fails to load on a page, then the alt attribute gives
           an alternate text that is assigned in the attribute. This is so
           a visitor can know what the content is of an image.

    15. How do I reference an id?
        A: In CSS, you would need to add a # sybol and its name.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
        A: A section would appear as its own section and act as a single entity on a page.
           A div would assign a set of characteristics to the elements
             between the opening and closing tags of a div.

    17. What is CSS used for?
        A: CSS is what gives the content in HTML characteristics and design.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        A: To select an element in CSS, you would type the element's tag and follow with brackets.
           To select multiple, you would type the tag followed by a comma and list as many as needed.

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A: A class can be assigned to multiple elements to give them similar characteristics.
           An id is unique and gives an element or set of elements shared properties.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        A: Type a '.' with the class name following. Must include brackets.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”?
        A: Type .human p{}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        A: A parent selector is the simple and basic element,
           while the child selector inherits the parent selector's properties,
           but is unique. I think this is used in lists. (Not 100% sure about my comprehension)

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        A: (1)The links in that div could be given the same class name. This class could be
           selected in CSS. (2)The div could also be specified when selecting
           the links' class, the div could be included in the selector. 
           (ex) div.linkClass{
               I hope this is making sense.I am not 100%sure about this either.
               }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A: a pseudo selector can be a class or element. It is selected after
           a selctor to give it a different set of properties. An example would
           be using hover.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        A: First we would choose our selector and then give it a property
           of line-height to change the space between lines.
           (ex) p.class{
               line-height: 0.5px;
           }

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        A: Choose selector and give it a property of letter-spacing.
           (ex) p.class{
               letter-spacing: 2px;
           }

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        A: Selector and then give properties of text-transform.
           (ex) p.class{
               text-transform: uppercase; <-- CAPITALS -->
               text-transform: lowercase; <-- lowercase -->
               text-transform: capitalize; <- Capitalize -->
           }

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        A:  div{
            border-width: 1px;
            border-style: dotted;
            border-color: black;
        }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        A: *{
            <-- CSS properties -->
           }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        A: /* This is a comment. */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        A: I believe you could use the git status command to see which file or files you are in.
           (After some digging) I think you could use the ls -al command.
        
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        A: git ls-files (I honestly am not sure...)

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
        A: git rm -r , You should be careful because this does not go to a recycle bin and is
           deleted permanently with out notice.

    34. Why should I use version control?
         A: Version control can keep track of changes being made to projects that are shared
            on an open source. Teams can use this to work on a single project.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        A: You should commit often. 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        A: git push origin firstName-lastName

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        A:  1. Fork the repo from GitHub
            2. Clone the repo from GitHub
            3. Create a branch in VS code
            4. Make changes in working directory
            5. Use add command in terminal
            6. Commit changes with a comment
            7. Push the commit to GitHub
            8. Pull the repo to your main branch

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        A: An inline element does not start its own line while a block element
           will be positioned in its own section of a page.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
        A: If a relative element is positioned, the absolute element will be positioned near
           that element. If there is not relative element, then the absolute element will
           move with the page in its position.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it 
       needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
        A: If you set the width of an element, you could set the
           margins of the top and bottom at auto. (I think this is what is being asked)

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are
       display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        A: Block: 1.p   2.h1-6   3.ul/ol
           Inline: 1.a   2.span
           Inline-Block: img?

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for
       the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
        A: From center to outside
           1. content - the text or image that we see
           2. padding - the amount of space that the content takes up as well as empty background space
           3. border - the line that shows where the padding ends, can be changed to different styles
           4. margin - the space between other boxes or elements, can be changed from all 4 sides.

           In CSS, we can set the width of the box model by creating an div or section. We can give the div
           or section a class or id we would like to set in the opening tag. We can set the width property in 
           the class or id. We can also set the padding and margin size. We would then put our elements 
           we would like as the content.

           The above answer for fix was before my research. I did some digging and found that there is
           something called box-sizing:border-box. It is truly beyond my understanding...



   --> 