https://codepen.io/SRattacasa/pen/JjdGmVR?editors=1100




1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Uses tags to assign meaning to HTML 

    2. What is HTML used for? 
It's used to create pages and presenting information to a browser

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Special words that give extra info about an element. You put it on the opening tag 

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
Identify the main heading, generally once on a page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
id, src

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
head, title, doctype

    7. What is an id? 
specifies a unique id for an HTML element (the value must be unique within the HTML document).

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
any html element 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
one must be unique on the page but don't use id 

    10. What is a class? 
a user-assigned name given to an element like div

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
div, section, 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
depends on how confusing you want ot make it 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
target="_blank" on the a

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
screen readers, accessibility 

    15. How do I reference an id?
#id

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
not much other than sections are for semtnatically grouping "sections" of a page, and divs are more granularly used and mostly for css

    17. What is CSS used for? 
styling

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2 {} 

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
classes can cover multiple items, id is an id of one item, don't use id

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.classname

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human p

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
when you want to target something directly below but not all the other nesting after

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar a

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
keyword added to a selector for things like state, ie. :hover 

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
use a classname on the div, target with css

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* */ 

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
file shows in title of process, dir is ls ?

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm , becuase you can remove wrong files, directories-- cli is powerful

    34. Why should I use version control? 
to track changes, test, not have to edit production code

    35. How often should I commit to github?
preference, but often enough to feel confident you aren't risking loss of work in event of issues

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push 

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
fork
assign collab
clone
branch
code
pull req

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 



   --> 