https://codepen.io/sunnybedi/pen/yLXZLzP?editors=1100
1. What is Semantic HTML? - reinforce structural meaning
    2. What is HTML used for? - It's about using tags, class names, and ids that reinforce the meaning of the content within the tags. When content is a paragraph of text you mark it up with paragraph tags.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? - a modifier of an HTML element type. Start tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?- Main header, only once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes- img. class
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? - title
    7. What is an id? - identifies the element when linking
    8. What elements can I add an id to? -  any, only one id per element 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? -once it is unique
    10. What is a class? - The class global attribute is a space-separated list of the case-sensitive classes of the element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? - elements can be added to more than one class
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? - no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? - push
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? - adds a text description to an image on a Web page
    15. How do I reference an id?- href
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div- div is not semantic
    17. What is CSS used for? - color/backround/fancy/ layouts/fonts
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page - write # followed by id element 
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?- class applies a style to multiple elements 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? - used to match all the elements which are child of a specified element
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?- navigation-div: sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?- a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? <br>
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing: 2px;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?- text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?- border:1px <div>
    29. How do I select everything on the page? - using this selector*
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?-  /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? - cd 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?- ls -al
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?- rmv. it wil not come back 
    34. Why should I use version control? - keeps track of changes
    35. How often should I commit to github?- whenever you finish a step
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?- git push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. - create an account on github, link your ssh, use gitbash/vs code to submit into github
