Codepen link: https://codepen.io/realtalishaw/pen/QWKbYNx

Review Questions and Answers:
    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    Semantic HTML is HTML tags that have meaning.
    
    2. What is HTML used for?
    HTML is used to display data in a graphical form.
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    An attribute is a special flag used to include information that we don't want to render to the page and is placed after the opening tag.
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is a header tag and should only be used once on a page.
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Links and images
    
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    Information that the browser needs to execute the page
    
    7. What is an id?
    Am id is a title that can only appear on a single element.
    
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    You can add ids to any single HTML element
    
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    only once
    
    10. What is a class?
    a class is a title that can apply to multiple elements
    
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    All of them.
    
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    Multiple times.
    
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Set the target to blank.
    
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    To show text when a image doesn't load.
    
    15. How do I reference an id?
    With a # symbol.
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Sections can contain multiple elements including divs, while a div is one divider of elements.
    
    17. What is CSS used for?
    CSS is used to style HTML documents.
    
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 *
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Class can apply to multiple elements, like you want all your divs to have a blue background while ids apply to only one unique element, you want just the one section to have purple font.
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    You use a dot before the name
    
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    The parent is the preceeding element before a child
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar *
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
