https://codepen.io/tashe-stefacek/pen/xxZzxVd?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Refers to tags that have meaning; you know what they do/are for just by reading them.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	To display data in a graphical form.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	Attritbutes are placed inside of the opening tag and are used to supply data to an element. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	To denote a page header and it should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	"img" and a"
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	Title of the page.
    7. What is an id? 
	An id attribute is used to specify a unique id for an HTML element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	Any HTML element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	Only once.
    10. What is a class? 
	An class attritbute is used to speciy a class for an HTML element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? '
	Multiple can share the same class.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	Mutiple times.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	Using the "button" tag.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	To describe what is shown in the image.
    15. How do I reference an id?
	By putting a "#" before the name of the html element you're referencing.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
	Div defines a section in HTML and section denotes that there is in fact a section to be denoted.
    17. What is CSS used for?
	To describe how HTML elements should be displayed.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	“class” allows us to name multiple elements while “id” only goes to one element/gives an element a unique name 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
 	by typing a "." before the name of the element.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? 
	div #sidebar			
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	A CSS pseudo-class is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element(s)
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform:uppercase
	text-transform:lowercase
	text-transform:capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div{border:1px dotted black}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	*{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/*comment*/	
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
	git status 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	"ls"
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	"rm" - cannot be undone
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	It's important for documents that undergo a lot of revision and redrafting and is 
	particularly important for electronic documents because they can easily be changed 
	by a number of different users.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	Whenever you make a change to the repo you're working on.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	Fork/Add TL as a collaborator/Clone repo/Create branch/Create pull request/
	Add TL as reviewer

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
