https://codepen.io/tvolchko/pen/PoKmpZm?editors=1100
1. What is Semantic HTML? 
give meaning to markup for machines and screenreaders
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    structuring the webpage
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    modify an element, start tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    main title, once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    image, anchor
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    metatags, css links, title
    7. What is an id? 
    unique identifier
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any html element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    reusable identifier
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any html element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    unlimited
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target='_blank'
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    accessability, broken image link
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #hashtag
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is semantic, div is for styling
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    class reusable, id used once. class for a container, id for password field
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .exampleClass {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    div p.human {}
    specificity
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
     selects elements that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
    line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase, lowercase, capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {

    }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
     /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm fileName, no confirmation
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    tracking updates, protects against new bugs
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    20 mins, or when new feature works
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork, clone, cd into it, branch, *make changes*, add . , commit -m '', push, pull req

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    block starts off a new line, inline does not
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
     placed exactly where you positioned it, top, left, right etc
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    margin:auto;
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    block: div, h1, p
    inline: span, a
    inline block: img
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    a box wrapped around each html element used by scc to style margins borders etc


