 
https://codepen.io/tera1971/pen/RwwjwQd




  1. What is Semantic HTML? 
      HTML that introduces meaning to the web page rather than just presentation.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
       It is used to create web pages that are displayed on the internet

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
     is used to select an element with some specific attribute or attribute value.
     after the . to select the attribute

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
       Indicates the headng of a web page, it is used once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
       Header and anchor

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
       <header>

    7. What is an id? 
      The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        HTML elements

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
       once

    10. What is a class? 
        The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        there is no limit to the number of times a class can be used

    13. 
     you can hold down the control button – or the command key on a Mac computer – to open a link in a new tab

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed

     15. How do I reference an id?
        The #id selector styles the element with the specified id.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        The <section> tag defines sections in a document, such as chapters, headers, footers, or any other sections of the document. ... The <div> tag defines a division or a section in an HTML document.

    17. What is CSS used for?
        to add style to a webpage

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
         .h2 (period before element)

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.
        A class would be used to style every element in the same class as in h2 and an id is used to style one elements

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        . a period followed by name of class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        a  selector that selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
         Specifies the direct child element (of the specified parent element) to be selected

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        #sidebar 
         
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
       line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
       letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase or lowercase or Capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        .div{
            border dotted solid black
        }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * asterisk

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
       /* comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
       pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
      ls  

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
      del, you must be careful this is permanent unlike recycle bin

    34. Why should I use version control? 
       helps teams solve these kinds of problems, tracking every individual change by each contributor and helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
       often to keep tracks of changes made

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
       git push -u origin

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
      Student will create OWN version of Repo (Fork)
Student will add TL as a collaborator
Student then will Clone Repo
Student will then create a branch (on which the student will implement the project) git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
Student will then submit their PR into the new branch.
Student will use their own student fork as the base (compare across forks).
Student will add their TL as a reviewer on the PR
TL then will count the HW as done by merging the HW back into master “STUDENT FORK”.


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
     an inline element does not cause a break while a block element always starts on a new line

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    an element that is absolutely positioned is taken out of the flow

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
     the box model is the imaginary box around html elements used to help style an element
     the fix is box-sizing: border-box

