https://codepen.io/ttn_206/pen/YzGXbaV?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? it give tags more meaning 
    2. What is HTML used for? building the foundation for webpages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? they help define addtional properties for elements, and they are placed after said element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?h1 tags are typically used near/at the top of the webpage. its used to define the top text
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. id and class
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    7. What is an id? an id is a specific attribute to modify later in the code
    8. What elements can I add an id to? divs and section
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as a many you want 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? #_blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? to make the webpage accessible to everybody  
    15. How do I reference an id? id{}
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    17. What is CSS used for? to stylize the html. think of adding windows and doors to a house with just the frame
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .className{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? the child attribute takes characteristics of the parent, less/cleaner code down the road
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?.sidebar a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-spacing: ; 
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? line-spacing: ;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? body
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? -r, because it'll delete it forver
    34. Why should I use version control? its more efficient and faster
    35. How often should I commit to github? every twenty mins
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin 'first-last' 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork the repo via Github, clone the repo onto the machine via Gitbash with cmd line: git clone, cd into that repo, make branch: git checkout -b 'first-last', open in vscode: code . , add and commit periodically, push your branch: git push -u origin 'first-last', webhooks and deploy keys, push request.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 