
Finished codepen:
https://codepen.io/tmcminimy/pen/mdPddzM
I am pretty sure I got a few things wrong (I spent like an hour on the image borders), but with
the clock ticking, it was the best I could do.



1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for?
    Displaying web pages. 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    Terms that define characteristics of a given element. Inside the first bracket (e.g. <a HREF) 

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    It's a page header, and should be used only once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img, a

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Metadata

    7. What is an id?
    A unique identifier. Because it is unique, it can be used only once per page. 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once.

    10. What is a class? 
    An identifier largely used for organizing in CSS

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many as your heart tells you is good. Or as many as you want to have the same settings
    apply.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target=_blank

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    An alternate image, in case the intended one doesn't work

    15. How do I reference an id?
    Add a #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section is semantic. Div is a unit of organization that doesn't inherently mean anything.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Making presentation of information look better, tweaking with appearance settings, etc.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {
        example:example;
    }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    An id is a unique identifier ('Travis'), whereas class is more general ('Lambda Student').
    You might use ID to find a specific thing on a webpage (sometimes, you click links on websites that go
    to #comments).
    You would use a class to make changes to an entire subset of things on the webpage.
     
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .classname

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p human {
        example:example;
    }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    Parent > child. If you want to find a specific child, you can sort them by parent. 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    Does this div have its own class? If so, it would be divclass > sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A style for something specific, such as hover.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transformation:uppercase (or lowercase, etc.)

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    .divname {
        border:dotted 1px black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    If I understand the question, you'd make a section or div for all other elements, and do
    whatever you wanted to do with that. 

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? 
    /* hi */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls or ls -a

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm file.txt . Careful, because it doesn't ask for confirmation. 

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    So that you can revert to a different version if something goes wrong. Particularly useful with
    collaborations.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Best practice is about every 20min or so, but also possibly 'after every major change.'

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push 

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    With what level of detail? I can write a KB article that isn't copy/paste, but I'm not sure
    that is what is being asked.
    Basically:
    Fork the day's project
    Add TL as a collaborator (make sure not to add the wrong person)
    Get into terminal, cd into desired directory
    git clone [link]
    Hop into new directory
    git checkout -b 'travis-mcminimy' (to create own branch)
    git add .
    git commit -m "Burble burble"
    git push (you will have to add branch name the first time)
    Confirm changes on github (may have to refresh)
    .