https://codepen.io/karephree/pen/gOrVXBO

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
using tags like <h1> and similar to add meaning to mark up

   
2. What is HTML used for? 
creating structure and defening elements for css and javascript

    
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
type of tag like href used to define something
    
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
its the biggest header, once
    
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
img and src
    
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
style sheet, links to fonts, titles, meta data, script links

7. What is an id? 
specifies a unique element

8. What elements can I add an id to? 
all

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
once    

10. What is a class? 
specifies an item for use in css 
  

11. What elements can I add a class to? 
any   

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
 infinite  

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
  target="_blank"   

14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
incase the image cant be loaded or for screen readers    

15. How do I reference an id?
#    

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
 sections are like chapters in a book while a div is just used to mark a group of items   

17. What is CSS used for? 
 styling a webpage  

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2{}    

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
id's should only be used once while you can use a class as many as you want. classes may be used for styling a button while the id would be used with  document.getElementById to tell when its clicked

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
  .  

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human    

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
it selects the parent of a specific element. Like if you only wanted to style a link that are only inside a button  

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div a
24. What is a pseudo selector?
 selects a specific state of an elemented   

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
 line-height   

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
 letter-spacing   

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform    

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
 border: 1px dotted black   

29. How do I select everything on the page? 
 *   

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
 /* comment */  

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
  pwd  

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
  ls  

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm <file name> could delete the wrong thing or maybe whole directory    

34. Why should I use version control? 
  to fall back to a previous version incase something breaks  

35. How often should I commit to github?
  As often as i save in a video game, as much as i remember to 

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
 git push   

7. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
fork
make sure the repo is yours
clone
cd into repo
create a branch git checkout -b firstname-lastname
open project in VS code to begin working and make commits to your branch regularly

Stretch Questions

    
1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
inline-block can have a width and a height    

2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    allows you to position an element relevant to its parent

3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    

4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
   
 
5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?