https://codepen.io/TreyDavis/pen/WNOPeEe?editors=1100


         1. What is Semantic HTML? Marks ups for html to give meaning
    2. What is HTML used for? Give meaning to the the mark ups
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Words used in the opening tags 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The main header of the page. once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes src, alt
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Header 
    7. What is an id? An identifier that is used once throughout the code
    8. What elements can I add an id to? identifiers
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? A global identifier that can be used many times
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Identifiers 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? many 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? href
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? Text description for images
    15. How do I reference an id?#
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? A section can wrap many things under it, while a div is used to separate things apart and change just that
    17. What is CSS used for? To add design to a web page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? period
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? When you select something for the parent. When you don’t want to repeat yourself
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? Line height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? Line spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?text-transform: lowercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?/**?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?clear 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?every 20 minutes or so or when you change something
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? Git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

