Link to codepen: https://codepen.io/Tuan850/pen/XWgoQYJ?editors=1100
  1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic HTML describes elements that have meaning in the code.
    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is similar to the basis of a house. They're the raw building materials for a website.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attributes are special words used inside of a tag i.e. <> to control the elements behavior.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? h1 tag is the title tag and there should only be 1 h1 tag at all times.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: the src and the href attributes.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? The <head> tag
    7. What is an id? An identifier used for the whole document
    8. What elements can I add an id to? You can add an ID to a new JavaScript Element or a pre-existing HTML Element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Only one time.
    10. What is a class? A selector for your HTML code for you to recall later.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any element can be added to a class as long as they're all separated by a space.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As many times as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? use the anchor or <a> tag.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? Adds a description of an image.
    15. How do I reference an id? using a #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div: sections groups together entries while divs have no meaning.
    17. What is CSS used for? Styling the website and designs
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{add in properties here
    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. Class is used for styling a specific section of the webpage while an ID is used for all entries associated with id.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? usinga .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? Parent child selector selects all elements that are direct child of a specific element. It's useful when calling multiple html tags of the same type i.e. <p> tags
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? a:link{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A selector that selects elements in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: (any of the listed in the question)
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div {
        border: 1px dotted black
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? using the *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* write comment here*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? $ pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? $ ls -al
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? $ rm <file> you should be careful since it could delete more than just the file you want
    34. Why should I use version control? To keep track of changes.
    35. How often should I commit to github? commit whenever you finish a step
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? $ git push -u origin master
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. Fork the repository
        2. Clone the repo
        3. Go to gitbash and git clone the repo
        4. cd into your new repo
        5. create a branch by typing git checkout -b firstname-lastname
        6. open code with code . command and work in VS code
        7. Work on your project
        8. Add, commit, and push your repo
        9. Compare and pull request on github
        10. 