    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic html is used to describe meaning to both the browser and the developer
    2. What is HTML used for?
 HTML is used to mark up text
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Attributes are unqiue words that are used inside an opening tag to control an element behaviour.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
The h1 tag used for the title of the web page.You should only use it once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
The Img tag and href tag.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
title,style,scripts.
    7. What is an id? 
The id is an attribute that is used to identify one element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
 Any of the elements.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Once
    10. What is a class? 
A class is an attribute.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? Mutiple times.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? By using the href and target element.
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? The alt is used for alternate text for an image.
    15. How do I reference an id?By useing the #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
A section tag defines a document like chapters. div tag defines a division in an HTML document
    17. What is CSS used for? To style a document/HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
By is using a rule example. h2{

}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

Class is used to identify more than one element and id is used to identify one element.

If you need to change a color in the paragraph and just that paragraph use id

if you need mutiple p,h2 fonts and colors changed you would used a class.



    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
You select classes by using the .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? 

human.p{

}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

The parent child selector is used to match elements that are direct children of other elements.

It's useful when you want to be very spicific about a change in the document.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
A pseudo selector assistis in the selection of somthing that cannont be expressed by a simple selector

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?line-height property.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? lowercase,uppercase,capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

    29. How do I select everything on the page? By the * Wild card


    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?By using the /* */.

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
By using the command ls or pwd(print working directory).
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? Use the command ls.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? You remove a file using the command rm. You have to be careful because onces it is removed it is permantly gone.
    34. Why should I use version control? To be able to track change from each indivual and prevent work from conflicting.
    35. How often should I commit to github? Everytime you finish a feature.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? push origin
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.

First you need to fork your repository.

Second you have to add your TL as an collaborator

Third clone your repo

4. Once in clone file you have to create a branch

5.Work on your project and everytime you finish a feature you need to use the add command and when finshed used the commit -m command and write a message regarding the changes you made.

6. Then push your changes up to Github using the command Git push origin with branch name

7. Go back to your Github repo and click compare and pull request button
 
8. Click “base respository” dropdown  select username/project-name

9.Click reviewers button, add TL as collaborator

10.Click create pull request.

11.Check your e-mail to see when request is merged.
