https://codepen.io/Retr0Sauce/pen/XWbVLro?editors=1100


   1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	HTML that gives meaning and styles to elements

    2. What is HTML used for? 
	It's the skeleton that makes up a website

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
	The style you add to a tag, and it's in the CSS file

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	the 'h1' tag is the heading, you should use the 'h1' tag only once per page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	the 'img' tag and the 'a'

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	The metadata, files that relate to the body of the page

    7. What is an id? 
	A way to define a tag, should only be used once

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	Tags with default styles attached to them

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	Once

    10. What is a class? 
	Another way to deifine a tag

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	On opening and closing elements

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	For as many times as needed.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	With the anchor ('a') tag

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	A way to describe pictures for people who cant see them

    15. How do I reference an id?
	with a # in before the name

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	a selection is used for a mentionable section on a page, a div is for a spesific, usually small section

    17. What is CSS used for? 
	A way to style the HTML

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	by using h2{example: example;}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	A class is used multiple times for allot of tags, an ID is used once for a very spesific section or item

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	with a . in front

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human p{example: example;}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	It's the selector that covers a bunch of items, and it's useful becuase it can take care of allot of things at once

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	.sidebar a{examlpe: example;}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	An action that happens to an item, (.sidebar a:hover{text-decoration: none;})

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	the 'line-height' element

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	the 'word-spacing' element

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	the 'text-transform' element

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	by doing: border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	With the wildcard selector (*)

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* This would me commented out */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
	with the 'pwd' command (print working directory)
 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	with the 'ls' command

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	with the 'rm' command, you have to be careful because you can't recover from it

    34. Why should I use version control? 
	Becuase you can go back to a working file from months ago if you mess up

    35. How often should I commit to github?
	about once every 30 minutes

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	with 'git push -u origin branch-name'

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	First you fork the master, Link the TL, than you clone the repository that you forked, cd into the directory of the clone, type
	'git checkout -b firstname-lastname', make some changed, than type 'git add .', than type 'git commit -m "Enter a comment"', 
	than type 'git push -u origin branch-name'

