1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Marking up content for a webpage.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is characteristic of a page element. Such as font or color.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    A Main header; once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes 
    TR and OL.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Title,Links, and Meta data 
    7. What is an id? 
    An Identifier used to select an element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    H1, Div, and Section.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once.
    10. What is a class? 
    An Identifier used for a potential group of elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Just about any element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as needed.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Right click, select the option "open in new tab."
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    It's basically an identifier for an image.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    By using the hash symbol.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is supposed to ascertain meaning, but the div does not have to.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Styling and Formatting your Markup.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    By typing said element, followed by curly braces."H2{}"
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class usually references a group of elements, while an ID has one specific element.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    using the period, followed by the class name.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    ".human"
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    It allows you to choose a ascendant or descendant aspect of an element; useful when multiple elements are nested together.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector is a keyword added to selectors that specifies a special state of the element to be selected.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    The line-height property.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    The letter-spacing property.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    The property "text-transform", followed by uppercase or lowercase.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px.
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    wilcard selector "*"
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    "/*comment*/"
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    look at the directory path
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm. it does not provide any warning and permanently deletes the file.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    I should use it to frequently save and comment on updated work, so that it can be edited or so you can recover an earlier version.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    As many times as necessary.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push.
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Confirm you are on the correct assignment.
    Fork your assignment.
    Confirm you are in the correct repository.
    Find the designated path you wish to clone your file to.
    Use git clone to copy and paste the link into the aforementioned path.
    Use ls to confirm it is in the directory.
    Type “git checkout -b <your-name>” to create your own branch.
    Use git status to confirm you are in the correct Branch.
    Confirm you are in the root directory.
    Make changes to your project then type "git add" in the terminal to stage these changes.
    Use git status again to confirm changes have been saved.
    After you've saved your changes type  “git commit -m “<some meaningfully semantic message about your changes here>”
    After you've commited your changes , type: “git push origin <your-branch-name>”
    Go back to github and refresh the page to confirm your changes have been pushed.
    Add your tl as a collaborator.
    After you've added your tl, go back to the homepage and click on "compare and pull request."
    click on dropdown menu and search for your username/repo name
    Compare the master branch with the branch you've created.
    Add a pull request subject and a semantic message your TL will understand.
    Once TL accepts collaborator request add them as a reviewer, if they have no accepted, send them a DM.
    click on create pull request and you are finished.




Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    A block element stretches across the width of the page and has a fixed amount of space.
    An inline element only takes up as much space as the content within it.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    An element is positioned relative to its parent element.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    Use an inline element and changes its width using the "width" property in CSS.
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    Block Elements: Section, Table, Article. Inline:Span, A, and Map. Inline Block: Img 
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
    Design format containing content at the center then working its way out to padding, border, and margin; all of which add up 
    to the entirety of the page. 
Project Link: https://codepen.io/TyNelson/pen/ExaddBd