
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic HTML is the use of tags to describe meaning.
    2. What is HTML used for?
        HTML is used to "markup" and describe how to display pages and documents on the web. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attributes are additional details about an element are are put in the opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        An "h1" tag is used to describe the most important part of a webpage, often the title or heading.  This should only be used once per webpage to optimize SEO results. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        <input> and <select>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Header
    7. What is an id? 
         It is a simple selector used to identify a unique element in a page not able to be done so by a class.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Id attribute can be used on one element per page.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        They can only be used once per page.
    10. What is a class? 
        I class is a reference to an element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        You can add a class to any element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many times as is required.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        By adding target="_blank" after the href.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        It used to display alternative text if an image cannot be displayed.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Sections are used to outline a page while divs do not carry any specific meaning other than was the user specifies.
    17. What is CSS used for?
        CSS is used to design and style webpage layouts. 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{
        }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        id carries more weight than a class and is used to describe one element rather than the whole. An id could be used to change one specific attribute on a page rather than changing all pages.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        Parent Child selectors represent the relationship between elements in CSS. This is useful to show how diffent elements effect one another.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A pseudo selector is a selector used to descibe a specific state. Hover for example.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height: 1.5;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing: 2px
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        Add text-transform: then add the text sytle you like.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    .images img:hover{
  border:1px dotted black;
}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        Ctrl-A
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        Adding /* to the beginning and */ to the end of the comment.
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        Typing pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        Typing ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        The command "rm" and the file name.  This cannot be undone so care must be taken when doing this. 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        It allows large groups of people to work on a project over time and accuratly track what steps have been taken in the project and at what time.  
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Github commits should occur frequently in your work as small tasks are completed.  You should not wait to commit until the end of a project.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. Fork your own version of the Repo
        2. Add TL as a collaborator
        3. Clone Repo
        4. Create a branch git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
        5. Submit PR to new branch.
        6. Use your own fork as work base.
        7. Add TL as a reviewer on PR.
        8. TL accepts HW by merging back to the MASTER "student fork"



