Codepen URL:https://codepen.io/venicchi/pen/MWprxJP

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Coding language that makes the structure of a webpage
    2. What is HTML used for?
    Building the structure of a webpage 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes are the modifiers of html codes
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 tags are used for headers or the title of a webpage. It's preferably used only once in a webpage
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    The header attributes (H1-H6) and hyperlink attributes (a and href)
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Meta and the style of the webpage
    7. What is an id? 
    ID is a style tag for an html element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    All the elements in a webpage
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Only once
    10. What is a class? 
    Used to specify CSS and Javascript in an html element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any html element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Infinite number of times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Add the attribute to the href tag "target=_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Describing the image
    15. How do I reference an id?
    Hashtags
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    They are similar but div is used for a separated part of the webpage
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Stylizing the the webpage, colors, text sizes, borders, etc.
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {styles etc;
    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    They are used in the same way but an id is used only once. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    Putting the class of the specific part of the html before the bracket
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    <p class="human"> <p>
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Parent child selector is when a style is within the same category. It would be useful with grouping certain styles of css codes.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    nav .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Affects elements that are in a certain state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border : 1px dotted #000000;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* TEXT */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm , once the command is executed, there will be no prompts
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Keeping the history of changes in files is important, and going back to a backup is crucial if you encounter a problem with the current version
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every time you make changes to the file
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git add .
    git commit -m "Message"
    git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork the file you want to repo
    Clone the repo to local
    Go to the directory you want to clone the repo
    Clone the repo
    Change directory to the new repo
    Create your own branch
    After making changes to the files on the repo, commit and then push
    If you want to pull your repo, go to New pull request on github
    Use the dropdown list to switch it to your repo so you can compare the main and your branched repo
    Create pull request after confirming the differences

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 


