Codepen assignment: https://codepen.io/vtopham/pen/yLNNWrY?editors=1100

--------------------Questions--------------------


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Semantic HTML is markup that gives the content meaning. Semantic tags can tell screen readers what kind of content is nested in a tag, and search engine optimization techniques can be utilized with good semantic HTML.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	HTML is a markup language used to mark up text to be displayed on a web browser. It is the "skeleton" of a website built with raw materials, but with no style.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	An attribute is something that adds more information to a tag. It always goes in the start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	The h1 tag is used to tag the most important title on a page. It should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	The anchor tag and the img tag would be useless without attributes except as placeholders.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	Meta information and other info that's important for the document but that shouldn't be displayed.
    7. What is an id? 
	An ID is a type of selector, called with a # sign. It is the most specific externally linked style selector except for !Important. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	Any element that does not already have one
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	Once
    10. What is a class? 
	A class is a selector called with a period. It is less specific than ID selectors and pseudo classes.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	Any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	As many times as you want!
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	Add the target="_blank" attribute to the anchor tag.
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	To provide a description of an image for accessibility purposes
    15. How do I reference an id?
	With the # sign
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	A section semantically implies that the content it contains is meaningfully grouped together. Div only implies that it is at least stylistically grouped together.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	To give style to content that has been marked up with HTML code.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	by typing the element, for example h2 {} on a new line and adding our code between the brackets. 
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	Classes are used for stylistic grouping, and can be used more than once on a page. IDs are usually used for anchoring in a page, and can only be used once per page.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	With a period (.) before the class name.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p .human {
		}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? ----------------------------------------------------
	These are pseudo selectors when you want to do cool stuff like have a different style for the last element of a group do something different.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div a .sidebar {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 



   --> 