Part One:
  1. What is Semantic HTML? Its a way we use to describe meaning to the browser and developer,
    2. What is HTML used for? To create the main structure or foundation for a web page or application.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? it provides additional info about an element. We can put it by the img src attribute. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The h1 header is usually for the title. It is used usally only once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes img src and img alt
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Head Tag.
    7. What is an id? id can be used to define one element only.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Header
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 1
    10. What is a class? a class can be used to identify multiple elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? div.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="blank" attribute
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? specifies alternate text for an image.
    15. How do I reference an id? Hashtag #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? section means that the content inside is grouped. div defines a division in a HTML doc.
    17. What is CSS used for? To style a page.
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page? use css selector
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? . period 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? it selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. We could use in css.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar :link{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height property 
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing: 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div {
        border-style: dotted;
        border: 1px solid black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*  */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm bc it permanently deletes it.
    34. Why should I use version control? So you can go go back to see different stages/versions of your project and it can also be used to collaborate and work with groups and make changes.
    35. How often should I commit to github? Every 20 mins or when you make a good amount of changes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? $ git push -u origin master
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Fork, Add Collaborator, Clone repo, cd directory you want to add in,use git clone <link-to-repo> command, cd into the newly created repo using the cd <repo-name> command,Use the git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' command to create your own branch name for the repo.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? Inline element stays on the same line block does not.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? it offsets from the edges of the element's containing block.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? set padding, border , or margin.
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? They are rectangular boxes that are generated for elements. Flexbox.

Part 2 Codepen CSS/HTML practice: https://codepen.io/Vishald1/pen/vYEaJev?editors=1100 
