// Code pen link here //
https://codepen.io/wruedebusch/full/zYYEBVJ

   1. What is Semantic HTML? 
   Sematic HTML gives your code meaning and allows people with screen readers to view your website.
   This also allows your code to be much more orginized for styling and future edits.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTMl is used for web page development and web documentation creation.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    They provide additional information about an element used in the design of the HTML. We put
    it with the start tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 tag is the most import thing we want to relay about a website. This is helpful with search engines.
    We should use it once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img tags and href tags.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Everything we want in the layout but do not want the user to see.

    7. What is an id? 
    A callback for a syntax. You can only us a id name once.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any attribute can be added. You can only use one element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once if it has the same name. You can call a different id if it has a different name.

    10. What is a class? 
    Similar to a ID but you can use it multiple times.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Same as an id but you can use multiple elements in a class.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Multiple times.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Make sure the link is nested in an anchor tag.

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    Creates an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed

    15. How do I reference an id?
    # symbol

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section means the content inside is grouped. The div does not give the content meaning.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Style and color a webpage.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    #id you use this on a header or footer bc you are only using it once. Classes can be called in multiples such as sections.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?\
    .classname {}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human, p {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    nav being a parent and everything inside of it being a child. This allows you to style the nav and the children will be affected.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar, div, linkname {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Selects elements that are specific state.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing property

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    use the text-transform property

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border-dash dotted 1px black

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    us * command

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    *// comment //

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
     pwd is the command

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls command will list all files 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    del command This will permanently remove the file from your computer.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Optimize and ensure you are using  a stable version of the build

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every 20 mins or a major change. The more updates the better to an extent.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push command

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
fork > add tl > clone > create branch git checkout -b firstname-lastname > git add , git push , git commit > crete pull request > use student fork > add tl > done
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    it will not move and set in its layout.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 



   --> 