Link to codepen: https://codepen.io/wbrown22/pen/ExaGLGV?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? Sematic HTML is a standard used when coding to keep things uniform and easy to understand
    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is used to build the bases of programs
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute is what you use to modify your html
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The h1 tag is your primary heading and you should try to only use once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes href, width
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? header
    7. What is an id? seletor used for CSS
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any?
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? as many as you want
    10. What is a class? classes are used to group html together to use for css
    11. What elements can I add a class to? no limit
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? add target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? alternate source if image or video cannot be displayed
    15. How do I reference an id? just call the id name
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div div is pretty generic and can be used anywhere
    17. What is CSS used for? styling 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page just us h2 {example:here}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one I would use a class to make buttons and an id to possibly style mutliple sections at once
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? call them before brackets
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? if you want to call just the p and it inside other brackets you would just need to add them before p. ex. header div p
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? If I understand correctly this is if you select just p it would cause all other p tags to change unless it is overwritten
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? things like :hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-spacing
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: Capitalize,lowercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div { border: 1px dotted black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? ls or git status
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? git rm
    34. Why should I use version control? Help keep track of things in the event of errors or just a need to go back
    35. How often should I commit to github? as often as possilbe
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. touch/add/commit/push
