
https://codepen.io/williamlarose/pen/YzNxdZY?editors=1100
    1. What is Semantic HTML?
     Gives are code meaning
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Its to make the sturcture of a website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    extra info about a element in the start tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    Title Only once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and anchor
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    title,links to css,meta
    7. What is an id? 
    A attribute
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Pretty much anything
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    attribute
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Pretty much anything
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    infinte
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? 
    target
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    to provide info when the img can not be seen
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is Semantic
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Styling
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id can be only used once while classes can be reused id should be used for just selecting classes use for styling
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    when a selector nest another selector within itself . styling
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a selector only in a certain state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border:dotted 1px color black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    body
    30./**\?
    --hey
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm theres ways to delete everything
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    as much as possible
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork,cd to your file ,git clone, make a branch git checkout -b, do your work ,git add ,git commit
git push
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline stays within block takes up its own area
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    it becomes separte from the layout
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    div img h1 are blocks span and br inline
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 