    https://codepen.io/wlbarrett21/pen/RwVBqJa?editors=1100
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML is the use of HTML markup to reinforce the semantics

    2. What is HTML used for?
    Markup webpage.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes define additional characteristics or properties of the element

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    Primary heading, only once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img tag and link tag

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    Information such as title

    7. What is an id? 
    Very specific attribute 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Only once

    10. What is a class? 
    Specify 1 or more class names

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    Any

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many as needed

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Image discription

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section is a block of related elements while div is a block of children elements

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Style HTML

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    Just type element name

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Class can be used on multiple elements while ID is specifc to 1 element

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .className

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Selects element that is a direct child of parent element

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A selector that selects elements that are in a specific state

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-decoration

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /**/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    ls

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    dir

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm fileName
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Track changes in code

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every time a feature is added or every 20 minutes

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    push origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    add/commit/push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 