https://codepen.io/Thyonathan/pen/rNMeKVJ?editors=1100
 1. What is Semantic HTML?Is correct use of html to reinforce the meaning of content on a web page. 
    2. What is HTML used for? It allows the user to create and structure sections, paragraghs,headings,links for web pages.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? It is special word used inside the openning tag to control the element's behavior.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? It is used for a title of a page or post. used only one time.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. img and a tags
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <!DOCTYPE html>
    7. What is an id? Its purpose is to identify the element when linking, scripting,or styling with css.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any html tags.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? only one time.
    10. What is a class? a class is an extensible-code-template creating objects.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? to any html tags.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many as needed.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? Just add a target = "_blank" attribute to your links. 
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? If the image can not be displayed,the alt attribute provides alternative information.
    15. How do I reference an id? can be referenced with #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div. Section defines section in document (chapters,headers,footers) and div is used to group block-elements. 
    17. What is CSS used for? to style documents.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. h2 {....}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. id can apply to one element and class to multiple.
    example <div id = "..."> <div class = "d1">, <div class = "d2">, <div class = "d3">
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? with a dot (.)
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p class = "human"
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified elemnt.it is used to identify each component uniquely.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? nav-div.
    24. What is a pseudo selector? it is a key word added to a selector that specifies special state of the selected element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? "line-height".
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? "letter-spacing" property
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? txt-transform: uppercase,lowercase and Capitalize.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border:1px dotted #000000
    29. How do I select everything on the page? body container.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?<!--comments-->
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? you can see $ and blinking cursor.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?use the dir command.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?enter del/filename. it is permanent. 
    34. Why should I use version control? helps teams solve all kind of problems.
    35. How often should I commit to github? like to commit changes every 30 to 60 minutes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push command.
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. create your own version of repo, add your TL as collaborator, clone your repo,create a branch,push your new branch to agithub and make all your future pusg=hes to thart branch,add your title as a reveiwer on the pull requiest.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 


