
https://codepen.io/qb1968/full/rNNGMOZ

    1. What is Semantic HTML?  Describe tags with meaning

    2. What is HTML used for? It is used to describe documents on the web

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Quality or characteristic, charaacteristic of page elaement

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? Title of a page. Can be used multiple

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes.  href

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?  Element

    7. What is an id?  Used to identify element

    8. What elements can I add an id to?  any html element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? multiple

    10. What is a class? specifies one or mmore class names for an element

    11. What elements can I add a class to? any

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? muliple

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?  Hold down control key

    14. What is the alt attribute used for?  specifies an alternate text for an image

    15. How do I reference an id? 

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? Section defines sections o in a document. Div defines  a division or section  in a documet or group block.

    17. What is CSS used for? describes the presentation of webpages, colors layouts etc.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one.  id is used to identify one element, class can identify more than one

    20. How do we select classes in CSS? period followed by name of class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? <p></p>

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?  selects all elements thaat are a direct child of specified element

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? 

    24. What is a pseudo selector? selects elements that are in a specefic state

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line height property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?uppercase: lowercase: capitalize:

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? cd ls

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm permanently deletes

    34. Why should I use version control?  allows you to work as a group compare identify and merge

    35. How often should I commit to github? couple times an hour

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?  git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git low. 

