Links for Part 2 : https://codepen.io/YuriyMyt/pen/gOxWwWx

Questions

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    A) In order to add structure and understanding to our code. 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    A) Html is the skeletin of the web page.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    A) Attributes are there to give more details about the element. Or something to help refrence the element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    A) h1 is used for the title and thats about it.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    A) Img and a and link, etc. 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    A) meta data. 
    7. What is an id? 
    A) A refrence for a single element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    A) Any.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    A) Once if its the same or as much as you want if different.
    10. What is a class? 
    A) Like Id but can be added to multiple elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    A) Any.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    A) As many as you would like.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    A) _blank.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    A) If link is broken, alt will show the alternative. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    A) #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A) Section is semantic and div is not.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    A) html style.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    A) h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A) Class to style all the buttons on a page, and id to get element by id in javascript.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    A) .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    A) .human p
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A) Selecting a child inside a parent.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    A) sidebar a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A) Select a state an element is in.
    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
    A) line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    A) letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    A) text-transform:
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    A) border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    A) *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    A) /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    A) pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    A) ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    A) rm, its not reversable
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    A) its optimal for large projects and big changes
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    A) everytime you make a working change or notible change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    A) git push -u "remote" "branch"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    A) we push to our branch and then we request a pull to merge to master

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    A) inline would be inline and block element would be an entire block/ vertical and horizontal 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    A) it is based on the parent element
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    A) Inline block
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    A) div, section, footer / a , img, input / button
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    A) The box model is basically a model of how elements work in css. Flexbox is a good way of making everything work much more simple. Setting margin and padding to 0 is also usefull. 