link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/Torry97/pen/ExZvpgJ?editors=1100
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML is tag with meanings;
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used for build the structure of a website;
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    attributes identify the type and function of an element. attributes are put inside the openning tag;
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is the main and biggest title; h1 can be used as many times;
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img, anchor tag;
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    the main title;
    7. What is an id? 
    an id is a specifier of an element and can only be declared once;
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    I think id can be used on ant elements;
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    only once;
    10. What is a class? 
    a class is an attibute that specifies elements;
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any elements;
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many times;
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    use target="_blank";
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    the alt attribute is used when a user cannot view the image for some reason;
    15. How do I reference an id?
    use #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    css is used for styling the html;
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2;
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    class can be used mutiplr time whereas id can only be used once in a page; Using class if you want to style 
    multiple elements.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    use .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    </br>
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: lowercase text-transform: uppercase text-transform: capitalize  
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: dotted black 1px;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    use universal selector *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    cwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    li
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

    34. Why should I use version control? 

    35. How often should I commit to github?

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name;
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline elements only take the required space. The block elements take the full width; 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    This element is positioned relative to its nearest ancestor;
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 