https://codepen.io/zvereen/pen/xxReyxp?editors=1100
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
       semantic elements descirbe itself to the broswer and developer
    2. What is HTML used for?
       To structure words and links on a web page 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    attributes are additional info about elements are around links for images and webpages
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
       h1 tag is the largest header tag and only once is best practice
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
       <a> and img 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
       <!DOCTYPEhtml>
    7. What is an id?
       a unique identifier for an element
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
       p h1-h6 div 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
       maximum one per element
    10. What is a class? 
        basically lets you style more than one element within the set class
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        span div h1-h6 p etc
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        there is no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="link" attribute
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        adding text info to an image
    15. How do I reference an id?
         #youridhere
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        section groups text together div has no inherent meaning 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        language used to describe a websites appearance
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        .h2
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        class selects multiple elements, while id is unique to one class to style all paragraphs id to change only the  first header
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .Class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
         .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        to pick and change every p element on a page
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        a: link
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        changes the way a button looks when hovered or changes a link after an onclick
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height CSS
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing CSS
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform CSS
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: dotted line black 10x;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        \ backslash \
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd print working directory
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm and careful cause it delets file permanantly
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        To keep up with new changes from other devs
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        OFTEN
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        fork the repo, add pm as a collab, clone forked repo, change directory to repo, create new branch, add>commit>push.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
       block elements always start on a NEW line, inline elements do not.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?

