https://codepen.io/atdog678/pen/rNzmyxR
    1. What is Semantic HTML? : HTML markup to reinforce meaning
    2. What is HTML used for? : describing the structure of web pages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? : controls elements behavior. put it before element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?:  header 1 tag. Twice, <h1></h1>
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: <href> links inside html. <body> contains what is viewed
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? :the body tag
    7. What is an id? :defines specific id on an element
    8. What elements can I add an id to?: images, titles, heads
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? : just for the one time
    10. What is a class? : specifies a class to one or more elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? div
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? : as many times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?: target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? : Alternate read out of description for visually impaired
    15. How do I reference an id?: #id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div: section group elements, div is specific for css styling
    17. What is CSS used for? : giving style to html
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page: .h2
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one: class can apply to multiple elements and id is unique for one element
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?: .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?: .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?: used to match elements that are a child of a specific element. useful for grouping and less code
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?: .class
    24. What is a pseudo selector?: selects elements in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?: line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?: letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?: text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border:1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? : *selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?: /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? : ls or just look at your pathing on the left
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?: ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? : rm -R file. cant restore the file
    34. Why should I use version control? : keeps tracks of changes and organizes team
    35. How often should I commit to github?: every 20 minutes or after major change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?:git push -u origin file
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.: fork repo, clone repo, clone into console, create branch, open vs code, work on project, add and commit changes then push to branch, create pull request, submit url.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
