  https://codepen.io/sekotszs/pen/LYVVove
  1. What is Semantic HTML?
    Semantic HTML gives meaning to your content.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Html creates texts, images, formats, and creates web pages.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is something that gives extra information.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    It is used as a header tag, more specifically the first header. You should use it once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Image and anchor

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    The head contains the title and all head elements.
    7. What is an id? 
    An id is a tag that creates a specific identification for an element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Divs, sections, <p>.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once

    10. What is a class? 
    A class can group together and specifies elements.
   
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Divs, sections, <p>.
   
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Once
   
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Add the attribute <a href></a href>
    
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    The alt is used to provide more information for an image
    
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #id
   
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section groups thogether specific elements and is semantic, a div doesn't have any meaning
    
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    To make a page aesthetically pleasing.
    
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}
   
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    An id identifies one element and a class identifies many.
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class
   
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human
   
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    It selects all child elements of a parent. This would be useful for overriding rules and such.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A keyword added to a selector that allows you to style a specific part of the element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
  
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
   line-height: px
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:uppercase
   
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{ border: 1px dotted black}
   
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
   *{}
   
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
   /* like this */
   
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
   
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls      
    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm
   
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Keeps track of all the code and also allows other people to work on it
   
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    As often as possible
    
         36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork the assignment, add your Tl as a collaborator, clone the repo, decide where you want to clone it and open that with cd, git clone link, cd into that clone, create a branch git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname', work on it, add changes with git add ., git commit -m "helpful message", pit push -u origin branch-name
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
   Block elements start on a new line where inline elements stack next to eachother
   
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    The element is positioned relativ to the nearest psoitioned ancestor.
    
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    Using the CSS box model. Use the inline block elemnt because it will give just enough space and you can adjust the width.
    
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    Display Block: Starts on a new line,Takes up as much width as its parent element will allow, both height and width can be adjused
    Inline: Wrapped around content, height and width have no affect.
    Inline-Block:Elements stack next to eachother
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
    The box model lets us be able to use space and size of html elements in a layout.It's that little box in inspect that shows us all the dimensions. The fix adds padding and borders to stop overlapping and such.