 
 
 
 
 
1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 Markup with meaning. Helpful future people working with my code.
 
2. What is HTML used for? 
 Markup language for laying out content of the page.

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Its a characteristic or property of a page element. Embeded in html elements to add                                   custom data.

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
Used for the title of a post or emphasized text for a page and should try to only use once.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes.
links and image elements.

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Metadata that contains information about our page.

7. What is an id? 
An id is a attribute that points to a style in a stylesheet, it should only be used once.

8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Any html element.

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
Once

10. What is a class?
Is an attribute that specifies one or more classnames for an element.
 
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Any html element.

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
As many times as you want.

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
Add target attribute to the link element.

14. What is the alt attribute used for?
Specifies alt text about an image that can't be displayed. 

15. How do I reference an id?
 # is used to reference an id attribute.

16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
<Section> means that the content inside is grouped and is semantic. <div> tags define a division in HTML and is not semantic.

17. What is CSS used for? 
Cascading Style Sheet for styling elements of our html document.

18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page.
 h2 {

}

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one.
We can use an id only once and a class can have multiple values. Id has a higher specificity than a class.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
With the .

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
 p .human {

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
Parent child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. They are useful for specificity when trying to style a specific element.

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
Universal selectors *

24. What is a pseudo selector?
A keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element


25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height property is used in CSS to change the spacing.

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing property 

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform Property, and use uppercase, lowercase, capitalize values.

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
Use border property example border: 1px dotted black;

29. How do I select everything on the page?
Universal selector * 

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/*comment*/

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
pwd 

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
rmdir and you need to be careful because file does not goto the recycle bin, it's gone for good. 

34. Why should I use version control? It save points in your code and you can always go back to a previous time.

35. How often should I commit to github? Maybe every 30 minutes

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
git push -u origin mark-sayers 

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
1.Create YOUR OWN version FORK
2.Add TL as Collaborator in settings/collaborator at GITHUB
3.Clone repo in GITHUB with clone button, then clone CLI git clone <repo directory>
4.Create branch to the one I'm working on by git checkout -b 'mark-sayers'
5.Push your new branch up to GITHUB and make all future pushes to this branch git push -u origin mark-sayers
6.Add TL's as reviewer on the PR. On the open PR page click on reviewers.



Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 

